{ "author" : "DumbledoresaidCalmly",
"date" : "05/01/2018, 05:32:08",
"selftext" : "In case anyone has been following my posts, I’ve been trying to detox at home. It was hard to find anyone that did this, and I also had to do my best to convince anyone that was willing. After my consultation today, I was approved and sent home with a prescription! I will be doing “Valium Protocol”. Basically, I take a tapering dose of Valium for a week at home to prevent seizures and symptoms, then I will immediately start Antabuse. I have someone watching me full time for the first three days (boyfriend), then I’m past the worst of it. It was all free. To anyone that might not have rehab or any inpatient as an option, it exists! I’m so overjoyed. I am sick of drinking and so happy that I don’t have to pay for or lose my job over going to a detox just to not die. I’m ecstatic. "
}
{ "author" : "abcbrogrammer",
"date" : "05/01/2018, 06:10:10",
"selftext" : "I was in jail April-July from a manic episode.  I attempted suicide in jail, too, biting my wrist and I have nerve damage there, now, so I can't write or type as well as before.  Plus I have pain in the wrist and hand from it.  I was prescribed a very high dose of antipsychotics and mood stabilizers in jail.

In December I was hospitalized for 3 weeks for another manic episode.

Since the hospitalization, I have been doing well and was approved for Ticket to Work at the Department of Rehabilitation.  I start a training program for coding later this month.

I have done some research that sometimes it's not my fault I was overpaid and it can get waived, but the bigger question to me is that because I missed my review for being in jail and *was* disabled during and before that time, and since then, what do I have to do?

A short time before the review took place I was *ready* to go back to work, so I suppose I should have signed up for ticket to work back then because that would have kept my benefits going until I actually found a job.  However, I'm in that now and am not sure I will be allowed to stay in it.  I know that people with disabilities can receive services whether they get SSI/SSDI or not, but not sure about the ticket to work program.

How could it have taken SSA so long to cut off my benefits?  The fact that I was in jail and had severe psychosis and other things that made it obvious I was not able to work should have made it so I passed the review, but due to the fact that I was suffering so much from my disability that I couldn't even complete the review process, there should be something that can be done.  I just assumed that since I was experiencing all that and the money and medicare kept coming, I had be determined disabled.  Now I got a letter that says they accidentally overpaid me for 15 months, even though I was approved for ticket to work and had hospitalizations paid for by medicare in that time.

Help!"
}
{ "author" : "anonymousjpchick",
"date" : "05/01/2018, 08:41:55",
"selftext" : "I’m nearing the 2 month mark since entering rehab, and just had my first drinking dream. I read a lot about people getting them on here, but had never experienced it.

Wow, it felt like an almost physical reminder of how poorly and panicked I felt before quitting. The “just one last time” thought, the paranoia of getting caught.

In the dream, I slipped and drank when I thought “I finally have the chance” on a day outing from inpatient rehab (where I am now, towards the end of your stay you can start returning home for 1-3 days at a time to get used to living sober at home and going to meetings in your area), didn’t admit to it on my return, and headed straight to buy alcohol once I was discharged... but a couple other patients who left just after me were walking in the same direction I was, and I was going through all the mental gymnastics and lies and avoidance methods to not embarrass myself by getting caught with alcohol by them.

I do not miss that hazy brain of anxiety and deception, the “mental gymnastics” required to manipulate situations to my benefit (or damage control to avoid embarrassment) used to tire me out so much. As much as I romanticize the high of the first few drinks, this discomfort is what I need to remember to avoid drinking again."
}
{ "author" : "plumber4466",
"date" : "05/01/2018, 10:48:15",
"selftext" : "My wife is now 2 weeks into 28 day in patient rehab.  One of my many many concerns is her spending. When she comes home how do I handle our finances.  She was a stay home mom and now that my children are in their 20's she ran the house.  We have 2 dual bank accounts.  She did not drain either one at all however she ran up several credit cards.  My plan was to have her sign an agreement to remove her name from both bank accounts.  I dont want to close them because so many bills  are paid from the accounts I dont want to take a chance of some of them not getting paid etc.  I plan on taking all her credit cards away.  How do I supply her with money.  She does all the food shopping, house errands etc.  I also cant just give her a gift card specifically to grocery stores because they sell wine, her drink of choice.  Any ideas greatly appreciated."
}
{ "author" : "gggmmmlll",
"date" : "05/01/2018, 14:19:19",
"selftext" : "So today is my new day one. In March, I managed to bust out almost three weeks of blissful sobriety. I truly enjoyed being sober and ended up kind of freaking out about the idea of participating in my best friends wedding newly sober (it was in mid-April), so I reasoned with myself it was probably best to just go ahead and relapse before the festivities and get back on the wagon after. I figured I’d be able to do the bachelorette party, rehearsal dinner, wedding day, and then go back to how I was. Part of me knew I was probably going to fuck this up, but in true alcoholic fashion I managed to ignore all reasoning and logic and push forward with my plan. 

Just posting here to remind myself and anyone who may need a reminder how flawed this kind of thinking is. My “sober vacation” almost immediately turned into a miserable month of binge drinking in secret and living like a total slob, disappointing the shit out of my SO (and myself), gaining weight, looking like Charlize Theron in “Monster”, struggling through work days, drinking as soon as I arrive home, having IBS and indigestion, and falling back into old thought patterns that I have something mentally/genetically wrong with me.

I broke down yesterday and thought about actually going to rehab for the first time. The idea of committing myself to a treatment center has always been unbelievably terrifying to me, it’s like completely admitting I have a huge problem and couldn’t take care of myself and maybe I really am totally out of control of my own self. But yesterday that idea didn’t scare me. It just sounded like a relief. Like maybe I could do something real for myself that would actually make a difference.

So I’ve reached that point in my thoughts. I haven’t made plans yet to go. I am going to give sobriety one last real shot on my own. If I fail again, I’m going.
Have any of you guys reached this same ultimatum with yourselves? If so, do you have any advice or want to share how it worked out for you?"
}
{ "author" : "Blue_ilovereddit_72",
"date" : "05/01/2018, 15:52:53",
"selftext" : "First things first, I'm a 23 year old girl and the oldest of five kids. There's a TL;DR at the bottom for those who don't want the meat and potatoes. 

Some backstory, my mom had been dating an extremely abusive man (if you can call him that) for a couple years. I would rescue her when things got so bad that she needed to be hospitalized (which was multiple times, broken neck, broken skull, broken spine, 8 broken ribs, needed surgery to repair bones in her cheek, etc.) and every time she would do good for a few weeks, a month...she would get back to her life, start raising her young kids again, get a new job, but you'd always be able to know without knowing that she wasn't here for real yet. Then she would just not come home one day. You'd hear from her the next day, usually still drunk, telling you "I'm fine, I just love him you don't understand."

This last time he put her in the hospital, she almost missed the birth of her first grandchild. I rescued her again and she made it to the birth and left him shortly after. This time, she filed a lawsuit against him. He's since been in a rehab pending his trial. This time, she moved the kids back in with her (a 15 year old and a 17 year old who has a 2.5 month old daughter). Got a new job again, but was excited about it. Started doing crafts again, visiting family, cleaned her house. There was a light in her eyes for the first time in a long time and a confidence in her voice I hadn't heard since I was a kid. It's been months since she left him, and all of us knew it was real this time. 

Last night, she told my 17 year old sister that she was going for a walk and that she'd be back in an hour or so, and that she put the baby to bed but just to listen for her. She'd been drinking and feeling emotional all day. My sister told her she didn't think that was a good idea, but she did it anyway. Her phone has been off since midnight last night and my sister let me know that my mom's friend had just told her a couple days before that that...man...had gotten out of rehab and was back at home.

[TL;DR] My mom was in an abusive relationship she kept running back to, but after years she finally made positive reassuring steps and her life was back to normal. My two sisters (15 and 17) and my sister's 2.5 month old baby are living with her. She left last night and hasn't come home, and her phone is off. I have no proof that she's with him but the alternative scares me even more.

I know that was long-winded, but I wanted the best advice for my situation and I can't get that without an accurate story. I don't know where to go from here, I've called his phone multiple times just to ask if my mom was there and okay but he won't answer me. Do I try going there and seeing if somebody will answer the door? Do I call the cops and tell them I'm worried for my mother's safety? I don't have any proof that she's there with him but the only other option is to believe that she's just...gone. Do I wait it out and hope that she turns back up? I don't know what to do for my siblings, should I bring them in to stay at my grandmother's until my mom shows up again even though it means they'll be missing school? I'm physically sick with anxiety and I need some guidance."
}
{ "author" : "Infla-mood",
"date" : "05/01/2018, 15:59:06",
"selftext" : "Two weeks has always been my archilles heel. Feeling good, surely one drink won't hurt? Boom. Bender for a few weeks. Try to quit again, rinse and repeat. After rehab two and a half years ago, I almost made it three whole months. 

That was the last time I beat two weeks.

This time is going to be different. No longer living with an alcoholic partner. No more job, no more driver's license, no atm card. Luckily for me I have wonderfully supportive parents. SD every day, taking my medicine, going to my appointments, a little exercise, a little sunshine. 

A total life change.

This time is going to stick. It has to. Get busy living, or get busy dying."
}
{ "author" : "Bornbrit",
"date" : "05/01/2018, 17:35:12",
"selftext" : "Ok, before I begin, a little back ground on me. I've been n opiod user/ kratom user for over 8 yrs. Everytime I tried to get clean, whether it was a Suboxone program or straight cold turkey, the cravings would always drag me back in. I've had enough. 

My brother told me about Vivitrol shots and how they have killed his cravings for alcohol so I figured I'd give it a try because it does work for opiod and kratom (from what I've researched) cravings.

Every place I contacted said I either had to go through a 10 day rehab or wanted $350 per office visit for the shot even though I have insurance.

I found a place doesnt do the shot but does the Naltrexone implant but the good news is my insurance covers all of it. ZERO cash out of pocket.


I hadnt taken an opiod for 3 weeks but had been riding the kratom train every day, including the day I went for my consult. I went in, spoke to both a Dr and a therapist and was given a 7 day pill supply of Naltrexone just to make sure it doesnt adversely affect me.

I fucked up and took my last bit of Kratom a couple hours before taking my first pill at bed time. It was fucking horrid. I had this metal taste in my moUth and my body felt like it was on pins and needles. I couldnt sleep if my life depended on it. I jokingly thought to myself "well, I guess this does help the cravings cause I'm too busy worried about if I'm gonna live to see the next morning." I found 2 Alazopam at 3am, called my 24 hr pharmacy to see if its ok to take them, took them and passed out.

Today I feel blah. I will admit I do "think" about kratom and opiods but not in a panick sense. I'm not obsessed with having to have them. Maybe its the pill doing the job, maybe I'm too tired to care.

I take my second pill tonight.  

"
}
{ "author" : "anchorbird17",
"date" : "05/01/2018, 19:27:48",
"selftext" : "I was in rehab for 7 days a few years back, stayed sober for a few months, tried to moderate, quit then picked up COUNTLESS times. I finally made the decision to go to an IOP \(3 days a week\) and get this under control. I need to just give up these ideas that I can drink, live a normal life while doing so and be the best me. Those things just cannot happen! I cannot be a good mother, wife, daughter, friend and employee with alcohol in my life.

If anyone here attended IOP, what was your experience like? Thanks in advance.

\*edited to spelling"
}
{ "author" : "olemjm",
"date" : "05/01/2018, 22:37:13",
"selftext" : "Hello all! 

I am a soon to be graduate going into my cf in CA. As I understand it is pretty difficult to get a CF in a medical setting in California. 

I have almost 200 clinical hours with adults and 150 of those are at a medical facility. 

I really want a job up north where hospitals are sparse and smaller. I constantly check the few hospitals for job postings but there hasn’t been any for a long time. I’ve also heard though from multiple hospital staff growing up around these towns that “we never have enough slps” or “we can’t ever get slps” or “we need those”.  Where is the disconnect coming from? There aren’t any job postings but everyone I talk to (not in rehab services; care coordinator, er doctor, rad tech) says they desperately need them.

My question is as follows: 
Is it crass to send a letter or intent/ resume to the head of rehab services asking for a possibility of a cf position? 
I don’t want to come off as entitled or over confident but would love to move within a four hour radius of home. "
}
{ "author" : "ckeys29",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 00:44:47",
"selftext" : "I had two stents out into my LAD.  I read somewhere that it may have been better to have a bypass.  I'm wondering if this is still an option as I am having symptoms of the coronary artery disease again only a couple months later.  The meds also make me dizzy all the time.  They have lowered my metaprol. I do not have high blood pressure, or high cholesterol, and mildly overweight and an ex smoker as of 6 months prior to my heart attack.  I'm currently in cardiac rehab.  My symptoms are more pronounced when I'm relaxed.  I was in my math class last night and thought I was having an attack.  I just wonder if my prognoses would be better if I had a bypass in that artery.  I did contact the doc, he told me over the phone to cut my ranexa in half.  The pills say not to cut them as they are time released, so I'll ask for a.new script for those."
}
{ "author" : "the1whoknocks__",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 01:11:34",
"selftext" : "Hi I’m Kenna, and I’m an alcoholic. I’ve drank heavily these past 10 months due to panic attacks/anxiety/BPD/eating disorder. 

I decided to take my life back two days ago and I’m scared. 

I’ve been to rehab once, had no withdrawal,  but I relapsed in February at a concert and drank heavily everyday since. 6-12 beers on rotation. 


I haven’t slept much these past two days and I can’t eat so I can’t tell when I need to go to the doctor. I shake from my anxiety and have panic attacks, but not getting physically ill. I just needed guidance on when I should or if I should call my doctor anyways. 

I have been taking Attarax and have Seroquel (both my old detox/anxiety meds). Drinking a lot of water and drinking things with high protein in it no problem. 

Just didn’t know if anyone else was here going through the samething? I’m just lost. 

Anything is appreciated thank you. "
}
{ "author" : "Iced_TeaFTW",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 01:16:39",
"selftext" : "You can find my introduction post here: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86tser/introduction_waiting_for_badge_21_months_sober/ 

Since then, I've been back to my primary care physician who finally gave me a referral to a GI that specializes in livers. (I had to find the doctor myself after she sent me to 2 that don't deal with livers, I'm so fed up with this doctor, other stuff too, not just this.) Anyways, I made her order a full panel of blood work and order an MRI for my liver last month (Which my last GI wanted me to have done over 14 months ago, but she didn't want to because "the liver doctor should do that"). After waiting 8 months to get the referral from her, she finally relented and ordered a MRI but the insurance denied it because they wanted an U/S (ultrasound) done first. Fine, no problem. 

Liver U/S came back, NO signs of cirrhosis, it's completely gone! I just have a "fatty liver" which is completely normal in most everyone. Yay! (This is coming after being told I would need a liver transplant about 18 months ago!)

So, today I had my appt with the GI/Liver doctor and he's going to order a CT (cat) scan and another full blood panel just to verify everything, but other than that, I'm in the clear....so far!

Please, everyone, TALK to your doctors! Today's thread by a physician made me want to type this up and also voice in on it. I was ALWAYS truthful and honest with my doctor's about my drinking, and was advised Rehab, but I couldn't leave my businesses to do that, so I basically waited until my body told me to quit, and I, literally, almost died from it. 

Don't wait for your bodies to fail you, it can end very, very badly. I lost 6 months of my life from it. 

IWNDWYT"
}
{ "author" : "FlockaGlock",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 01:29:06",
"selftext" : "Don't know if anyone remembers but a few months ago there someone posting comments all over the place talking about how vodka is the worst liquor to drink and people who went to rehab were only drinking vodka. Laughed it off at the time but the past few weeks I've been sticking to whiskey only and honestly do feel better. Not human again but somewhat normal somedays. Take my post how you want but giving vodka a break has been helpful."
}
{ "author" : "PreyingPastor",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 02:38:24",
"selftext" : "My brother in law went to a 30 day rehabilitation program from mid-December thru mid January. We're still confident he can make a full recovery. He's relapsing right now and it turns out his sponsor relapsed recently as well. How the heck do we help him??

I need mental health/addictions counsellor referrals to give to my BIL,  peferably in Niagara, Ontario. 

It would also be beneficial if sober redditors could give helpful suggestions for our family on how to help him. We want him to make it through. 

Thank you!!

"
}
{ "author" : "StubbornSurvivor",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 03:35:20",
"selftext" : "Hi all,

New to this sub and was told to come here if I had a serious desire to stop drinking once and for all. I won't go into my story just yet because who knows if I start drinking again so what's the point of becoming invested in it via needless exposition? I've gotten a DUI, been arrested 5 times in 3 different states, lost 4 jobs in the last 18 months, drink pretty much once every two weeks and never not resulting in a bender-type scenario, IDK what else you need to know other than I'm an alcoholic with no hope. 27-year old white collar professional (who the fuck knows how) that seems to get away with everything. If anyone can relate, cool, and if not, cool all the same. Not expecting responses, just getting it off of my cardiopathic myopathy-ridden chest.

EDIT: Oh, and been to rehab 3 times, was sober for 3 years and hated every goddamn second of being in AA and all the people involved in it, so you've got your work cut out for you if you care. "
}
{ "author" : "brokegambler99",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 03:51:00",
"selftext" : "A situation came up tonight where one of my family members had a review today for their work.  They received a "satisfactory" rating but was upset that it was not "ultra satisfactory" to the point where they are thinking about legal action. 

It made me start thinking that they should be grateful that they have a job they are doing a well at the job.  Which naturally got me thinking about my relationship with being grateful

I have not been very grateful lately and have started to feel sorry for myself.  Which for me is just a slippery slope for the lizard brain thinking that its not fair that I can't drink normally.  It was a good reminder for me as 873 days ago I was a month out of rehab detoxing in a hospital once again.  

I am grateful that I am sober.  I am grateful that I am able to better recognize my flaws and take steps to improve them or embrace them. I am grateful that I am alive and have mended relationships with my family.  I am grateful for this community, even though I am not very active I check in daily.  Sometimes its easy to get caught up in life and not take a step back and realize what you have. 



 

"
}
{ "author" : "csockey",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 04:35:26",
"selftext" : "Lone veteran friend suggested i get help. I blew off the idea for a few weeks. But recently over a weekend i lost my job and i was deep sick in the drunk. So i admit myself into this rehab center. Here i go. "
}
{ "author" : "Ziko577",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 04:48:19",
"selftext" : "I've had a rough night in chat rooms on one particular site on this subject and I don't want a fight, condescending remark, or joke but I'm going through a bit of a crisis. My grandma recently passed from cancer and I've had a lot of undue pressure put on me by my mom to start working despite the issues I have. Also, she wants me here at home working but the thing is those jobs, according to the state I live in don't exist or are fraudulent in nature. I placed a phone call to the nearest employment office and the operator in charge told me that they not only don't handle things like that but also Vocational Rehab is the only place that would help me. I kinda was soured by it 3 years ago when the workforce planner in charge sent me there to help. After the mess, I told her that I felt it wasn't going to work because of a lot of grievances I had with the place. 

Here in the Southern part of the US, it seems like the disabled are ignored and discarded and hidden away so that the normal people can't see us. This is why I don't like having Asperger's and that call to the office made it obvious to me. Counseling probably won't solve all of my problems nor make them go away and I feel like I'm trapped with no way out. I decided that chat rooms for a while aren't for me as my experience tonight was bad on all 3 fronts with one in particular I had to report several individuals who harrassed, intimidated, and threatened me. This particular room has a reputation of this and despite people's pleas for better moderation, it seems self-moderation is the only way to curb it for now. I feel safer here on Reddit than there."
}
{ "author" : "raelians1234",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 12:16:21",
"selftext" : "Does your inner confidence keep improving as the streak gets longer. I only ask as mine is skyrocketing and I'm half waiting for a crash..I know that old addiction self talk..thinking when are things gonna get bad seen as they can't get better..but my confidence has never been this good, long may it last."
}
{ "author" : "Dollypardonmeplease",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 14:27:19",
"selftext" : "I've known and loved this man for 17 years although we never dated we recently started dating.  He has depression and anxiety which is been ongoing and though I knew he drank I realize now he has a problem with alcohol. Sometimes it seems like he knows he does other times he's in complete denial.  He's been in and out of a hospital inpatient program for suicide emotional stuff about four times since November.   As soon as he gets out though he always goes back to drinking.   Never gone to rehab or median turning thing like that.  I've told him that I can't be with him if he keeps drinking like this there's been times when he's passed out he says he's not drinking and then he is just all the usual Behavior common in alcoholism.  I really care a lot for him I really don't know what to do anymore.  I've broken up a couple times with him but always go back with him because I miss him and worry about him and honestly we have a wonderful sexual chemistry he's supportive and always has the right things to me it's never abusive to me although his behavior isn't good for any relationship I know.  I told him recently that I can't do this with him anymore if he doesn't get help and he took it as me breaking up with him again now I want to see him cuz I miss him and I know that's kind of selfish.  I'm looking for any advice about what to do if I should see him or not we only see each other a couple times a week at most and I'm debating whether or not to see him this week or just cut it off which is very hard for me to do because of my own needs.  I'm trying to be supportive but not enabling and not have a codependent relationship where I just worry about him and his drama but it does overtake things. Then I wonder if we are more serious inside each other more maybe it would help I really don't know what to do at this point any advice would be appreciated."
}
{ "author" : "bloody_twat_rag",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 15:16:13",
"selftext" : "Not that it is a new development, this sub always has influxes of depressing posts and comments but I have seen a lot the past few days. So this is just a thread to talk for people who may need support. In whatever, whether you are heading to rehab, going through WD, wicked hangover anxiety, thinking of ending it all... Talk about it here. I will try to respond as I can (FYI just because I care doesn't make me creepy) and I am sure other users are willing to offer support, as I see it constantly. Some of you really fucking suck, and some of you are awesome in your support. 

So let it all out here. And just a reminder- we will support those in crisis, but no talk about methods of suicide and planning and shit like that. "
}
{ "author" : "PutAGrapefruitInMe",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 15:42:16",
"selftext" : "So I'm a treatment center about 6 or 7 days ago this woman came in. Beautiful woman, tried to keep my distance. It's rehab not summer camp. When she came in we talked a few times and she was very sexually aggressive with me. I tried to push it away but I got sucked in. I ended up seeking the attention and she had me wrapped around her finger. Turns out she did this to my friend in here and got him to drink booze with her. When I found out the truth I went into a daze. She left but I'm still drained. I just want love and affection. I haven't been able to get close to women because in 2015 my girlfriend was hit and killed by a car. I've been a toy who's batteries ran dry for the longest time. Using weed, oxycontin, xanax, heroin, booze, whatever numbed the pain. To add to that there's another girl here who I've been having so much fun with and I don't know what happened. It wouldn't have been a romantic relationship but ever since she came back here from a short trip she's been treating me different and when I asked her what was up she just said, "sometimes you say outta pocket things. I'm not mad at you." But she won't smile at me and she won't respond to me. I feel violated, weak, helpless, lonley, unloveable, and so much fear. I don't know what to do. My assigned therapist is super fucking mean and I don't wanna put her in the middle of my issues and I don't wanna keep talking about the other woman who btw is 27 years older than me. I'm feeling suicidal again. All over girls man. This is the weakness that is obvious.   "
}
{ "author" : "found-the-wormhole",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 16:16:44",
"selftext" : "I explained my use in great detail and they want me to do inpatient detox. I could not stress to them enough that that is NOT AN OPTION FOR ME RIGHT NOW. They wouldn't give any meds and just wanted to talk about some "behavioral changes I could make". I just wanted to scream to them, like, just give me the fucking clonidine and Ativan and I can make it through day one!

So, I've got a 5th and I'm going to have to taper myself. Normally this never works for me because I always drink too much but I am so fucking fed up with being hungover that I actually feel like this could be it. The withdrawal is wayyyyy too bad cold turkey and I can't go to rehab so I don't have many other options. 

I plan to do 8 drinks today, measured, with one every hour and a half, and tons of water in between. 

6 tomorrow every 2 hours.

4 Friday every 3 hours. 

I think this will keep me out of withdrawal and I can start Saturday as day 1. Any certain supplements I can start on? It always seems like 2-6am are the worst for me and melatonin doesn't do shit, and bendaryl gives me a double hangover. 

I commit to myself and my family to stick to this schedule. Fuck the medical system in the ass today. "
}
{ "author" : "rowlinginthedepp",
"date" : "05/02/2018, 20:39:28",
"selftext" : "I just need to vent. It’s long so you can go ahead &amp; ignore this post if you want. You know how when you’re depressed you’ll often hear statements like “it will get better” &amp; “one day you’ll see yourself on the other side” &amp; “it’s just a little slump, you’ll get out of it.” Each and every time I hear any of that I just want to break into hysterical laughter. I’ve noticed that so many people on here talk about a ‘before’, how they used to have a great circle of friends, or excellent grades, or an amazing life, before depression took ahold of them, and how most of them are convinced there will be an ‘after’ which like, makes complete sense, right? If you have the ability to recollect a ‘before’ there _must_ be an after, right? Or at least, increased chances of one, because hey! You do know what it’s like to have lived, once upon a time, like a regular human being. Great! Good for you. Must be really nice. Here’s the problem with me, though. I cannot for the goddamn life of me remember a time when I wasn’t like this, when I wasn’t lonely and pathetic and wrong. When I wasn’t a zombie and a recluse. I was predisposed to having depression, since my mother is also clinically depressed and currently stuck in a shitty rehab facility. I was like this even as a kid—I barely made any friends, I would spend all my time in my bedroom, entertaining myself with video games and other distractions, I never quite learned how to grow up. I was like this in school, now I’m 20 and guess what? I’m still here, rotting in this fucking pit, wasting away. My life has never held any meaning. I’ve never done anything substantial. I’ve never been truly happy. I’m 20 and I’ve never experienced love, or had a job, or mustered up the ability to better my own life. The depression is me, and I am it. We have never been seperate entities. It’s not a bad day, or a bad year. This is my fucking life. This is all my life has ever been. How am I supposed to believe that things will change, that there will be an ‘after’ when there’s never really been a ‘before’ ? I don’t know what to do with myself, if there was a button I could press to stop existing, I’d smash it without giving it a moment’s thought. At this point, true change seems impossible. I might have a productive week or two, but then I’m trapped in this hell again. I’m trapped inside myself, and I know I’m probably the root cause of all my problems, that I choose to succumb instead of fight, but it’s just so hard when you know yourself, you recognise your weaknesses and how they weigh you down, nip at your skin and paralyse you; but you also recognise that you’re weak, that you’re incapable of helping yourself. I know all the steps I must take to improve, but I can’t. I don’t. I want everything easy. I sit around and wait for something to work out without putting in the required effort to make it happen. I just. I’ve lost hope. In everything, but mostly in myself. In my ability to ever truly get rid of this parasite clinging to me like a leech and sucking me dry. I know that even if by some miracle, things get a little bit better, and I’m able to pull myself up off my feet—it’ll still never really go away. It’ll haunt me forever, it’ll try and kill me. But I don’t feel enough. I don’t feel anything. Something is so vitally wrong. And I can’t fix it. I’m trying not to be unreasonable. There were probably happy moments in my life, but they feel so fleeting, few and far between that it’s like they never even happened. My depression is the only thing I’ve ever been able to rely on. Depression is in every mirror I turn to look into, it’s in between my teeth, it’s everything I know. I am a waste of a life. I am not meant for this. I’ve been like this forever. I’ve lived the same day for years now. It’s toxic. I’m toxic. I would be starving like a dog on the streets if it weren’t for my family, and what am I to do without them? At this point, I’m sure, I’m just biding my time until I finally gain the courage to end my miserable existence. I don’t know what to do. I don’t know how it’s possible for someone like me to ever pull myself out of this perennial slump. I feel like my life is already over and that I’ve ruined everything already. I have so many regrets. I wish I could just go back to being a kid again. I want to make things right but I’m so far gone. This shit is my factory setting. I’m conditioned and destined towards failure. And I have to live with myself, and it makes me sick. It feels like that one disease where the person is convinced that they’re dead and decaying, even though they’re perfectly alive—but to them, they’re already lying facefirst in their grave and beyond saving. 

If you’ve actually managed to get this far, thank you, although I doubt anyone cares enough to bother. That’s not a taunt. I wouldn’t actually blame you. Nobody cares. I don’t even care anymore what happens to me. I’m a shadow person, a shred of a being, a rot in the tile. 

No, I don’t see the other side of the fucking rainbow, because I’ve never been privy to it in the first place. "
}
{ "author" : "helpme558",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 00:50:14",
"selftext" : "Hello everyone I have a knife next to me and I keep grabbing it. I really feel scared. I just told my parents I’m gonna kill my self a few times and I think they think I’m bluffing because of how many times I’ve said it as a cry for help. Why: My parents are extremely strict, I’m in rehab, failing my classes, my mom removed all games from my house only on weekends can I game to relieve stress and because I can’t express suicidal thoughts without my parents telling me to shush and saying they will send my to a residential program if I kept saying it. Also when I ask if I’m just suppose to think it they just walk out of the room. My parents keep telling me I have a drug problem which is really demoralizing and I know I might but still. Everyday after school I have to go to rehab for 3 hours and when I get home all my meds are worn off and I can’t do work which results in me failing classes and me being stressed. And then all my stress relief has been stripped from me by my parents.


I also can’t work in therapy because it always feels like the psychiatrist or therapist is working only for my parents and making me adjust to their unjust rules. Which is bad because my mom has OCD and must watch every thing I do and if she can’t she punished me. She also disagrees on literally everything I have an idea on even if it’s perfectly reasonable. And then on one on ones with my therapists they tell me I’m fucked. I’m also told to grow up and I ask them I’m going through this shit rn where I’m crying all night and have lost complete control of my life at 16. And then when I try to explain this to my parents they take the parts that they can turn into a blunt statement to make me seem unreasonable. WHAT DO I DO??

Can someone please help me I need something that I can tell my parents that they can’t turn down and that they can’t turn into a blunt unreasonable point.

IVE LOST ALL CONTROL



their that’s all of my venting I’m still grasping onto this knife while my parents sit upstairs and watch the hockey game. I’ve tried compromising with them but too them everything I ask for is just me trying to manipulate them and they say we tried this before it doesn’t work. 

There’s so much more to my story please please I need help."
}
{ "author" : "mr_funsocks",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 03:13:45",
"selftext" : "Age:23

Gender: Male

Weight: 130ish

Race: Caucasian

Duration: life long
 
Medication: will talk about below


So when I was young my parents got divorced. They had split custody 50/50 but my dad wanted to feed me drugs as a way of getting me to want to stay with him more leading to lots of drug use in my early teens 12-16.

My mom did not know about this so she took me to a psychiatrist who proceeded to prescribe me LOTS of medications. That led to a psychotic episode at school when I took ambien along with my usual meds. My mom checked me into long term impatient treatment. I admitted to my drugs use and we all pretty much concluded anxiety was a big driver in my drug use. I graduated that program after learning to cope with my anxiety.

Soooooo I relapsed right away, got put in a drug rehab program for teens, graduated that program as well at the age of 18. I did not relapse after that program but my anxiety continued to run my life, making it hard to work, clean up after myself.

fast forward 4 years, the only thing I seem to have going for me is being a hard worker. my personal life is a wreck, dirty apartment, barely socialize outside of work, and constant panic attacks. I cant even look at anyone (cashier, mother, co worker etc) without thinking that they hate me(my mom loves me very much)

So about 8 moths ago i got fed up with it and started taking a "supplement" called phenibut i got online(structurally similar to baclofen, gabapenten etc) it was great for the first month then i started realizing i was completely psychically dependent on this medication.

I have to take it 2-3 times a day at 3-4 grams or else i feel like Im going to have a seizure, I hate the feeling of this stuff so much so i went for a really fast taper and one night started to feel like i was choking and kept nodding off and waking up shaking uncontrollably(I had been afraid to go to sleep for 3 nights before that) now Im back on my regular dose and still feel like Im in hell. all I wanted was to feel like I could socialize, to not not be so anxious that I can clean up after myself and work up the courage to pay bills in person.

What can I do?  I just want this to end.

Im so afraid of asking for help from a doctor or psychiatrist and being turned away as drug seeking or them judging me.

and If i do get help what is a treatment plan going to look like
Where do i start?
im so scared
"
}
{ "author" : "PeeshBeesh",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 04:21:18",
"selftext" : "Hey r/slp I have an opportunity to work in a hospital but it would be a 10% decrease in salary. I have two years of experience and want to make the best decision to further my career but I'm also concerned about taking the salary decrease. I am currently working at a SNF and while I enjoy it, I don't know if it is a dead end path for me. The hospital position is acute rehab care and the unit is brand new. I'm hoping to get some insight from some of you more experienced SLPs. This is a really tough decision for me! Thank you for your feedback :)

edit: the benefits are pretty much the same. "
}
{ "author" : "AFreshStart18",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 04:29:04",
"selftext" : "I can't go a day without fapping. Not only that I see everyone as an sexual object. I'm wanting to go to rehab but I'm worried about my parents finding out and I don't want them to. What should I do in this situation? I'm 20 years old and I live with my parents "
}
{ "author" : "mercedesrayne",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 08:00:21",
"selftext" : "I tried to go to college several years ago, i ended up quitting due to severe depression. Fast forward to a few days ago, a collection agency has stated they will garnish my wages in a few weeks unless i do something now. I know that it was stupid and irresponsible of me to let things drag on this long. I work in retail and I'm absolutely terrified as to how much the payments will be. I'm waiting to hear back from them to do whats called a "loan rehabilitation" to get my loans back in good standing and hopefully i can go back to school at the end of it. 
I really messed up my fellow anxious friends. I feel huge feelings of guilt, anxiety, stupidity and regret. My anxiety feels crushing. I feel like i can't talk to anyone about it because everyone was hopeful i would have made something of myself and succeeded in life. But here i am. Working minimum wage with no idea how to navigate through yet another mess i have made. I'm sorry for the story book, i just needed to get this off my chest. It's killing me on the inside. 😢"
}
{ "author" : "Anablephobia_",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 08:10:54",
"selftext" : "I'm an alcoholic. I never wanted to say those words, but having seen what I've been causing to my family, I stopped. I can't continue to break myself down anymore, or break down my parents. I'm 24, and I have almost nothing to show for it.  I used to be a great student and a happy kid, now I'm almost always just trying to make it through each day with some half smile on. It sucks.  However I am 2 days sober and I have barely left my room, later today I think I'll change that by taking a shower and feeling a bit better that I accomplished that goal. 

Today I will not drink.  I want to continue not to drink. If I quit before, I can quit again, this time I am attending therapy for structure and added rehabilitation into back into where I should be socially, I am so glad for subs like this.  Have a sober day every one. "
}
{ "author" : "Reaper_of_Souls",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 11:09:58",
"selftext" : "My money came in today. Finally. I was -$500 in overdraft because I stupidly trusted my dad with my debit card, and have been broke for two weeks now. Such is the life on a fixed income, I guess.

I got a lawyer appointed to me through my state bar association's website. Seriously, if you're in the US and ever in this situation, try this - in my state at least, it guarantees you a half hour consult for no more than $25. (Or so the website says, there may be more to it that I'm not aware of yet...)

So I'm going to say it here so I hold myself accountable for it - in a few hours, I'll call and see if I can schedule the consult. You heard it here, it's going to fucking happen.

I got no sleep last night. Drinking coffee right now to counteract what's obviously going to be an unpleasant day. But I have plans to do some yard work now that I can afford to buy the tools I need. It's supposed to be nice out today, which should help. The house is almost ready to sell and now it's time to get rid of the pile of thorns and branches in the backyard. Gonna try and rent a wood chipper. Big toys like that are fun, I'm such a dude sometimes.

Also - and I don't know why I haven't thought of this until now, or at least considered this - but I'm starting to wonder if I can get my old job back. I quit (on good standing, as far as I know) shortly before my ass landed in the psych ward. I liked the job alright, just not my managers (well, *one* of them really, but I'm afraid I might have said something damaging in my exit interview...) But my best friend's husband is pretty high up in the company, so maybe he'll be able to help? After being out of work for so long I know I'm pretty much unemployable at this point. And since I know this place and how it works, I'm thinking maybe it would be a little easier...

I just feel like I need something to hold me down so I don't end up giving into my impulses and randomly going cross country again. And of course I need more money than I'm getting now. But I don't want to do anything until I talk to this lawyer, since I'd be losing so much of the assistance I receive because I'm supposedly unable to work. It's so stupid how the system is set up like that.

Lastly, I'm thinking about doing vocational rehab, which supposedly could pay for me to go to community college if I want to get an associates' degree in IT, since getting my bachelors has proved to be impossible because I owe so much money to my college. I would probably only need to take a couple classes since I have more than enough credits already. But I don't know how possible that is, or (according to my sister) even worth it.

So yeah. Lot on my mind right now. Probably a little hypomanic. Feels good. Wish I could have gotten some sleep, though...

Anyway, I hope you guys all have a good day. Feel free to share what you're up to today, you all know I love to chat. You're all so awesome and I love moderating such an awesome community. =)"
}
{ "author" : "143heynow",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 13:00:23",
"selftext" : "Thank you for reading this in advance and sorry for the long text ahead.  I just need to vent.  I wasn't sure who to talk to so i found this subreddit. My dad's been an alcoholic my entire 31 years of life.  He'll be 59 years old tomorrow.  I now live in FL, my dad is living in my home state of WI.  His alcoholism has gotten to the point where he is on the verge of death and I don't know what to do.  I'm very scared and worried.

He wont listen to me.  My ex girlfriends dad had nowhere to stay, so my dad let him crash at his house.  My ex's dad had to leave because the house smelled bad of feces/urine and he couldn't stand it, he'd rather be homeless than live with him. 

My ex told me that her dad told her that my dad... Drinks, sleeps for a few hours, drinks, sleeps for a few hours, drinks...etc. I was also told that he looks like he "weighs 80 pounds, if that", urinates and has bowel movements in his clothes, he doesn't eat for a week, he hasn't showered in months, my dog of 14 years old+ is also living with my dad and the dog is puicking/pooping/peeing all over the house and is eating her own poop.  Was also told he uses a bucket to pee, and has a rash/bumps all over his body (probably from not showering)

I called my dad early this morning and we talked for 17 minutes. He just woke up so he was more towards the sober side, but still drunk.  He told me that he's fine and not to worry. He said he's 140 pounds (very doubtful) and that he had a half a sub to eat yesterday and 2 fish sandwhiches and a big mac the day before. He said that a week ago he didn't eat at all because he wasn't hungry. He did tell me that his legs are week and he hasn't done laundry in a long time because hes to weak to walk downstairs to do laundry.  He also said that when he drinks he doesn't care if he pees himself, or doesn't care if the dog goes to the bathroom all over the house.  He said the house does stink.  He said he has cream for the rash and not to worry.  I told him "dad you're going to die if you don't care of yourself" he said he doesn't care, everyone dies.

But I am worried.  Of course, he is my father!  He's been in rehab a few times years ago and we even had him committed in the past one time.  He was sober for a few months, then started right back up again.  At this point, i don't know if that'd help him.  He's literally drinking himself to death.  If he quits drinking it'll kill him because he's so dependent on it, and if he continues to drink it'll kill him.  

I don't know what to do.  I told him he needs to go to the doctor, he said no.  Told him he needed to think about put my dog down because shes obviously getting sick/old age...he said no that's cruel.  My dad told me in the past that once the dog dies, he will kill himself.  He's tried to kill himself in the past, mostly just saying he was for attention, but one time he actually cut his wrists (with a dull blade and just needed a few stitches)

He is obviously very sick.  I messaged his two sisters and told them about what's been going on and asked if they could go check on him. I  Hoping for a reply that they will do so. I really can't afford to fly up there just to get an ''i'm fine, don't worry".  I can't afford it and my work is short staffed and i'd probably be fired if i go. I do not want to believe that hes down to 80lbs, if that's the case, he will be dead any day.  I was thinking about calling the cops for a well being check, but i don't know if they'd do anything.  Sure maybe they'll lock him up on a 72hour hold at the hospitals' psych ward, MAYBE, but probably not.  I've called the police MANY times on him when i was living at home and they really didn't do anything.  He's been to detox, gets out and drinks.  He was sober for a few months in the middle of last year, did it on his own, but now is back at it and it's worse than its ever been.  I didn't know it was this bad until i got the message from my ex last night.

Sorry for the long text, and thank you for reading.  I'm scared.  I'm worried...its making me depressed.  I hope my aunt's will go over there and check up on him.  He's going to die if he doesn't get help.  He's all i have left.


 *Edit-Neither one of his sisters will help/check on him...the want nothing to do with him."
}
{ "author" : "Tyrlsw12",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 13:01:53",
"selftext" : "I have posted on here before about my SO. He has been trying to get better and relapsing on and off for over a year now. I tried my best to help, became a codependent monster, and it is very hard for him to follow through with most tasks.

The newest issue which seems it may be the last one involves my neighbor and dear friend. She got my SO a job and he was doing great! Sometime within the first few weeks he slipped up, and then lied to his boss about needing time off. He said that a family member was very sick.

In short, it got back to her, she asked me about what was going on and I had a severe reaction. I have never had a physical reaction like that in my life, only if I was very hungry/hadn't eaten, never from stress. Once she started asking questions, I got extremely hot, was pouring sweat, she said I looked pale and asked if I was ok. I almost blacked out, vision got all spotty and dark, she walked me back to my house. I was stumbling, made sure I got water and obviously knew that something was going on. Nobody has a reaction like that for no reason and in the moment I even said "I'm so sorry I don't even know what is going on, I'm confused". Cat was out of the bag.

If this was the test of how honest and truthful I am, I passed. I knew then that this was the last straw and I couldn't be involved anymore. I physically can not lie, and knowing that he can do it without any problem was a harsh reality to face. He tells lies like that every day and the second I try to lie my entire body revolts, it really showed me how deep he is in all of this. She has done so much for me and my SO, and did not deserve to be put in this situation after being such an amazing supportive friend. I know she will be keeping an eye on me to make sure I don't go letting him right back in \(which I am deep down grateful that someone is holding me accountable\).

He ended up losing the job because word got back that nothing happened and he was lying. It baffles me that he did not even consider the possibility of this getting back to her. He tried to justify the situation saying he has come a long way because he told me that he lied to his work. But he didn't fill me in on any of the ridiculous details he was telling his boss which totally made him look guilty when I didn't know any of it. Not that I would have lied for him, but still it was not thought out at all, and ended up really burning all of us.

We are on good terms but he picked up some of his stuff this morning. It is so hard for me to let go because we have a real connection I fear I won't find with anyone else. However, like I said above that reaction I had to being in a web he spun was so bad I never want to feel like that again. I think that he has to make a big change, something he hasn't tried before. Maybe moving somewhere, or just really going at therapy, meetings and hopefully rehab.

I'm just looking for some support, to hear similar stories, I find comfort writing here. Thanks for reading."
}
{ "author" : "blumbergercheese",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 14:39:23",
"selftext" : "But instead I come home and do nothing, since most of my friends I've fallen out of touch with, and the friends I do have don't have time for me or are out of the country.

My girlfriend doesn't have time for me as much as I'd like her to.

My family has a history of depression, my father is still in a rehab centre.

I can't connect with anyone without them wanting to end the conversation or leave.

I've been thinking bad thoughts. What purpose do I have anymore?

I just don't know what to do."
}
{ "author" : "roflcopter91",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 16:02:43",
"selftext" : "Hey. I've been looking into rehab/going to meetings. I ran out of drugs. Smoking too many cigarettes. Shaky and feel the urge to drink after 2 years booze free. Any advice that isn't sunshine and rainbows? I'm exhausted and I haven't felt like myself in over a decade. "
}
{ "author" : "ctlls22",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 16:33:39",
"selftext" : "tldr: 6 month rant, and I could use perspective. It is long.

quick about me: I'm a woman in my mid 20s. I first touched alcohol at 18, first drank "alcoholically" at 21, first tried to stop at 23. Now 25 and six months sober.

I was surprised at how hard it was to stop in the beginning. I went to a 30 day rehab in 2016 because I could not give up alcohol for more than two weeks. I didn't want to stop fully for myself, but I didn't want to continue drinking either. In November I vowed to make it six months telling myself I have to quit eventually, and it won't get any easier the longer I wait. I do feel better today than I did 6 months ago, though not by much. I no longer have agonizing nights where I'd absolutely drink for relief if I had the opportunity, and I can enjoy movies sober now (that took a while to come back). 

I know I'm not the only person to not feel on top of the world at six months, but I am frustrated with how unhappy I am. I have moderate levels of depression and anxiety (ie not suicidal and no panic attacks) and while they were a lot worse when I was drinking every day (yes panic attacks), the difference of 3 months sober to 6 months has been nil. And that's because this is how I was before I ever touched alcohol - it shouldn't be a surprise. I am in therapy, and that has helped a lot with how I behave with my anxiety. I haven't found much to help with the depression. I have been taking and changing meds since 2016, and for whatever reason the [SSND]RIs don't affect me.

I can't make the same six month commitment to make it a year that I made to get here. I get urges to drink occasionally, but telling myself to hold out until [next month, 1 year, tomorrow] won't work just by itself anymore because I can't see why that matters emotionally (I know an extra six months without alcohol would be a very good thing for me). I'm going to a meeting tonight, and I have therapy tomorrow. I could just use some perspective that maybe helps with my cynicism. I hope to feel better at a year but you know I've been told that about 6 months at 3 months and 3 months at 1 month. 

Or does anyone have advice on how you motivate yourself? Even with simple stuff - like I'm trying to meditate regularly, but I have trouble doing it for more then 5 minutes unless I am already very relaxed, and I just don't know how to motivate myself when there are no positive consequences (at least at first - those 5 minutes of fidgety meditating can only do so much), and no perceived negative consequences. Thanks for reading."
}
{ "author" : "dextereliot",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 19:44:38",
"selftext" : "21 year old male, 182cm, 75kg, caucasian. 

I do bodyweight fitness and I have had some problems with my left arm now for about 4-5 weeks. It started after a workout session where I did rows with dumbells which I usually don't do. The pain was there the next morning. 

Location of pain: https://i.stack.imgur.com/6WB1I.png

I think it's bicep tendonitis but I'm not certain. I've done the eccentric rehab exercises found in the Overcoming Gravity book now for a week. It does feel slightly better now, but before continuing this for a couple of more weeks I'd like to be sure that it actually is bicep tendonitis and not something else. 

Now I only feel the pain when I either flex the arm or when it's bent as far as it goes. Any ideas as to what this might be or tips on how to get rid of it? 

Help would be greatly appreciated!"
}
{ "author" : "TuriansCanDance",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 21:20:26",
"selftext" : "I forgot about a parking ticket I got from a few months ago, and during a lunch break my fiance found our car booted by the local city police. We can pay the fee to get it off, but it won't be until tomorrow morning. It's frustrating, but what has me worried is that stressful situations like this were a surefire trigger for my fiance to drink.

He has been home from rehab for a week at this point, and things have been going well. He's been serious about following his care plan; going to AA, working the steps with his sponser, setting up and attending group meetings with his therapist, everything he needs to help his recovery. 

He's home and I'm at work, and will be for another 6 hours. I'm trying not to worry that he'll slip. I'm trying to believe that it isn't my problem if he does. I don't have a sponsor to call, and I felt little connection at the last Al-Anon meetings I've attended. I'm just a ball of anxiety."
}
{ "author" : "momoftedcruz",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 22:49:17",
"selftext" : "I got the news on Monday that my cousin (25M) was found dead in my late grandmother’s house  from a heroin overdose. 

From the beginning of his life, M was given a shitty hand of cards. His mother has overwhelming anxiety, to the point where she was constantly belittling him for whatever he did, his dad smoked weed with him when he was a teen, encouraging his drug use, and every man on that side of my family is an alcoholic, including my father, who my cousin looked up to. 

My family set him up for failure and are blaming his death on him. While I know that my cousin was an adult and made lots of dumb decisions, his environment was not healthy and he was never given any opportunities to prove himself. 

He persevered and graduated from college in 5 years, and all i remember is my dad constantly making fun of him and referring to him as the “cousin to not be like”. 

He went into rehab once, but his parents believed that was all he needed. Apparently the day before he died he was throwing chairs and screaming, and they just said “oh, typical M, always being dramatic and wild”. 

Now he is dead. And I’m filled with an overwhelming sense of sadness, confusion, but mostly anger. I am so angry that people never reached out to help him. If I had known the extent of his degradation, I would have definitely reached out. 

I don’t know how I can ever look my dad in the eye again, or how I can ever forgive my family for what they pushed him to do. 

I miss you M. "
}
{ "author" : "WiredPark",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 22:50:33",
"selftext" : "It would be ironic if it weren’t so damn tragic.

My ex-wife and I were both pretty horrible when we got into a fight... She hit first, but I don’t think it really matters considering I hit back. Things got very hairy towards the end and I was eventually hospitalized after having a breakdown brought on by alcohol abuse and PTSD. She could somehow shrug off what we did to each-other, like she had a greater tolerance for violence or something. For a long time I just thought she was fucking crazy. Crazier than I was that is. Later I accepted she was sick. Then I admitted we both were. Now... well, things feel a little inside out.

I explained what had been going on to a therapist the hospital assigned and she handed me a book called “Stop walking on egg shells.” After reading it I was confident my wife had BPD (even more so now after everything I’ve learnt). The therapist went on to describe it as a “dustbin diagnosis” and painted a pretty grim picture when discussing her chances of recovery. I used to tell people I spent my time in ward 9 carefully planning my escape from the surreal nightmare our relationship had become, but the truth is, after what I’d heard &amp; read about BPD, I fucking ran as hard and fast as I could without giving it too much thought.

The truth is there was no ward 9 and I just wrote that because I thought it sounded cool. I slept in a private bungalow with a TV. My wife and I had unprotected sex on my blue sofa during her first visit, because going in adding a kid to the mix seemed like... well, it was an idea she had.

I sold my PlayStation to pay for the divorce which took under a month to finalize and turned out to be the most civil part of our entire five year relationship... 

Go figure.

Successfully shrugging all responsibility for the failed marriage by painting a picture in my head of a promising young man breaking free from the clutches of a mentally deranged monster hellbent on ruining his life was pretty easy. The vodka and meth fueled decent towards rock bottom which followed wasn’t. It took me a long time to get there and by all accounts I should be dead or in jail. 

After drifting in and out of rehab for two years I was eventually institutionalized and correctly diagnosed as being borderline towards the end of 2017. 

I have been sober for a few months now and I can’t say I miss the euphoria of firing up a lolly as much as the resulting chaos. Without knowing it constantly trying to stave off some personal or professional disaster, recovering from yet another horror inducing hangover or just simply focusing on slowing down my breathing to try and avoid fucking OD’ing in my aunts tub were all wonderfully effective distractions...

Having set those aside (for the time being anyway) my obsession with self has lifted long enough to see what I’ve done to those who love me. I’ve been so preoccupied with my own unrelenting unhappiness I’ve never taken the time to consider anyone else’s... Hence thirty three and friendless. Hence unemployed. Hence living with parents. Hence on reddit at 01:00 AM writing a post I’m convinced will be the beginnings of my best selling autobiography...

To be fair it’s not the craziest idea I’ve had this week: Up until this morning I was on track to start a business pickling jalapeños in our backyard, but realized I couldn’t let that distract me from qualifying as a foreign language teacher so I can move to a different country to be with my Tanzanian girlfriend, which feels like a much more grounded endeavor...

“Not-your-average-Joe’s-Jalapeños...” 

That’s what I would have called them... Fuck it, let’s make it the title of the book too. Might as well. 

In AA they talk about the gifts of recovery, but so far the only thing I seem to be unwrapping is yours truly and as I tear through the layers I just seem to get stranger and stranger...

Not-your-average-Joe’s-Jalapeños...

Not average at all as it turns out.



"
}
{ "author" : "-Poppi-",
"date" : "05/03/2018, 23:00:11",
"selftext" : "Today has been a great day. Work went well, my lunch was pleasant, I got a delicious ice cream sandwich, made plans to see a dance show in June, made plans to see my sister today, and stopped at a gallery with neat plant exhibits. I couldn't experience any of this joy without my sobriety. And I wish the man I saw could overcome his demons to enjoy these aspects of life as well.

I was in a pharmacy to pick up some chips for my sister and he was there next to the woman at the front of the line trying to bribe her to go next. He was clutching two large budweisers and his speech was horribly slurred.

A staff member ushered him to the back and I ended up behind him, moments later he said "I'm drunk, don't tell." I told him it was apparent and he talked to me.

He told me so much in the short time we had in the line. That he was going to go to work, but drank instead. That he had gone to rehab multiple times and still drank. That he had demons. That even when he was sober the world was such a shitty place that there was no point. That me talking to him was the best thing in his day.

My heart ached for him because it was apparent he has given up. I didn't try to give him advice because he was older than me and I had no idea what to say. I just listened, but I wish I did... something, even if it was buying him something.

I don't know his name and I don't think I'll see him again, but I hope things change for him. There's so much good in this world he can still experience if he gets help and gives sobriety a chance."
}
{ "author" : "She1Flies2Free3",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 00:58:17",
"selftext" : "I mean literal hell for a year. (If you don’t count my lifetime of abuse before that.) Nex and I broke it off when he finally clarified who the abuser was and hit me and then threatened homicide/suicide with a cocked/loaded gun. I tried to get away and initiated NO CONTACT, but he is an obsessed crazy psycho stalker who has gone as far as to hack into my Facebook, follow me all the way to Hawaii on vacation, and harass myself and my family, friends, bosses, coworkers and even past therapist. 

One day working in my dangerous industry (which is small and he also works in, but is my passion and I CANNOT give it up) I messed up, then I woke up in a hospital bald with staples in my head being told that it had been a couple weeks and a large part of my skull was off for one of them. 

It took me 4 months of intense rehabilitation to get back to where I could resume normal activities and then another 2 to get back to work. During that time, I started dating someone who had been one of my friends for 3 years. I thought we had become best friends and he helped through a lot of my hard times. 

Once I was finally finding a new normal and happy my stalker Nex started to pop back up. I concluded that I must go to the police and court and fight for real this time, but he would not take me standing up for myself finally lightly so I needed to move out of the apt that I finally settled in because past mutual friends (not MY friends now) know where I live. So for two weeks my elementary school son and I have been staying with family 1 town away from where he goes to school and 2 towns away from where I work. I started to feel lost but at least I had my awesome boyfriend, my jobs and some family to lean on. 

Then my boyfriends dad had some sort of neurological episode (they couldn’t figure it out) and when he thought he was going to loose him, pushed me away and broke up with me. I made a fool of myself by going over when he didn’t want me there and they called the police to escort me away. (His narc controlling brother did.) I fucked up, I know! I know!

And now I feel more lost then ever, I had to see my Nex in court yesterday but we didn’t even get to have a hearing and before actually seeing the evidence (which oh do I have some) the judge just assumed it was a case of neither one of us letting go and reprimanded us both just to leave the other alone or go to jail, when really all he has against me is a GAG order that I was confused into agreement with in a previous hearing, not knowing I was agreeing to any injunction against myself. 

It’s now not gonna go to court again until later because his lawyer pulled some shit to give them more time and I’ve never felt more utterly alone. Nex was surrounded by a group of criminals, one of who raped me 2 weeks before we broke up, and one of who I actually thought was my friend until he got fired from the place we work only 2 weeks ago. 

In all of this, in waking up bald, being raped, in the initial incident, in all of it...I’ve never felt more fucking alone. Without my boyfriend who I thought was my best friend, my two female friends who used to always have my back becoming distant, and now not knowing who or what to trust seeing as Nex and I still work in the same industry my PTSD is just skyrocketing off the charts. With no roots put back down yet (which I’m working on the living sit) and no one close to turn to emotionally, how the fuck do I go on? When is enough enough? When is it too much? I know giving up is not an option but it is all so overwhelming..."
}
{ "author" : "She1Flies2Free3",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 01:02:19",
"selftext" : "I mean literal hell for a year. (If you don’t count my lifetime of abuse before that.) Nex and I broke it off when he finally clarified who the abuser was and hit me and then threatened homicide/suicide with a cocked/loaded gun. I tried to get away and initiated NO CONTACT, but he is an obsessed crazy psycho stalker who has gone as far as to hack into my Facebook, follow me all the way to Hawaii on vacation, and harass myself and my family, friends, bosses, coworkers and even past therapist. 

One day working in my dangerous industry (which is small and he also works in, but is my passion and I CANNOT give it up) I messed up, then I woke up in a hospital bald with staples in my head being told that it had been a couple weeks and a large part of my skull was off for one of them. 

It took me 4 months of intense rehabilitation to get back to where I could resume normal activities and then another 2 to get back to work. During that time, I started dating someone who had been one of my friends for 3 years. I thought we had become best friends and he helped through a lot of my hard times. 

Once I was finally finding a new normal and happy my stalker Nex started to pop back up. I concluded that I must go to the police and court and fight for real this time, but he would not take me standing up for myself finally lightly so I needed to move out of the apt that I finally settled in because past mutual friends (not MY friends now) know where I live. So for two weeks my elementary school son and I have been staying with family 1 town away from where he goes to school and 2 towns away from where I work. I started to feel lost but at least I had my awesome boyfriend, my jobs and some family to lean on. 

Then my boyfriends dad had some sort of neurological episode (they couldn’t figure it out) and when he thought he was going to loose him, pushed me away and broke up with me. I made a fool of myself by going over when he didn’t want me there and they called the police to escort me away. (His narc controlling brother did.) I fucked up, I know! I know!

And now I feel more lost then ever, I had to see my Nex in court yesterday but we didn’t even get to have a hearing and before actually seeing the evidence (which oh do I have some) the judge just assumed it was a case of neither one of us letting go and reprimanded us both just to leave the other alone or go to jail, when really all he has against me is a GAG order that I was confused into agreement with in a previous hearing, not knowing I was agreeing to any injunction against myself. 

It’s now not gonna go to court again until later because his lawyer pulled some shit to give them more time and I’ve never felt more utterly alone. Nex was surrounded by a group of criminals, one of who raped me 2 weeks before we broke up, and one of who I actually thought was my friend until he got fired from the place we work only 2 weeks ago. 

In all of this, in waking up bald, being raped, in the initial incident, in all of it...I’ve never felt more fucking alone. Without my boyfriend who I thought was my best friend, my two female friends who used to always have my back becoming distant, and now not knowing who or what to trust seeing as Nex and I still work in the same industry my PTSD is just skyrocketing off the charts. With no roots put back down yet (which I’m working on the living sit) and no one close to turn to emotionally, how the fuck do I go on? When is enough enough? When is it too much? I know giving up is not an option but it is all so overwhelming..."
}
{ "author" : "She1Flies2Free3",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 01:03:49",
"selftext" : "I mean literal hell for a year. (If you don’t count my lifetime of abuse before that.) Nex and I broke it off when he finally clarified who the abuser was and hit me and then threatened homicide/suicide with a cocked/loaded gun. I tried to get away and initiated NO CONTACT, but he is an obsessed crazy psycho stalker who has gone as far as to hack into my Facebook, follow me all the way to Hawaii on vacation, and harass myself and my family, friends, bosses, coworkers and even past therapist. 

One day working in my dangerous industry (which is small and he also works in, but is my passion and I CANNOT give it up) I messed up, then I woke up in a hospital bald with staples in my head being told that it had been a couple weeks and a large part of my skull was off for one of them. 

It took me 4 months of intense rehabilitation to get back to where I could resume normal activities and then another 2 to get back to work. During that time, I started dating someone who had been one of my friends for 3 years. I thought we had become best friends and he helped through a lot of my hard times. 

Once I was finally finding a new normal and happy my stalker Nex started to pop back up. I concluded that I must go to the police and court and fight for real this time, but he would not take me standing up for myself finally lightly so I needed to move out of the apt that I finally settled in because past mutual friends (not MY friends now) know where I live. So for two weeks my elementary school son and I have been staying with family 1 town away from where he goes to school and 2 towns away from where I work. I started to feel lost but at least I had my awesome boyfriend, my jobs and some family to lean on. 

Then my boyfriends dad had some sort of neurological episode (they couldn’t figure it out) and when he thought he was going to loose him, pushed me away and broke up with me. I made a fool of myself by going over when he didn’t want me there and they called the police to escort me away. (His narc controlling brother did.) I fucked up, I know! I know!

And now I feel more lost then ever, I had to see my Nex in court yesterday but we didn’t even get to have a hearing and before actually seeing the evidence (which oh do I have some) the judge just assumed it was a case of neither one of us letting go and reprimanded us both just to leave the other alone or go to jail, when really all he has against me is a GAG order that I was confused into agreement with in a previous hearing, not knowing I was agreeing to any injunction against myself. 

It’s now not gonna go to court again until later because his lawyer pulled some shit to give them more time and I’ve never felt more utterly alone. Nex was surrounded by a group of criminals, one of who raped me 2 weeks before we broke up, and one of who I actually thought was my friend until he got fired from the place we work only 2 weeks ago. 

In all of this, in waking up bald, being raped, in the initial incident, in all of it...I’ve never felt more fucking alone. Without my boyfriend who I thought was my best friend, my two female friends who used to always have my back becoming distant, and now not knowing who or what to trust seeing as Nex and I still work in the same industry my PTSD is just skyrocketing off the charts. With no roots put back down yet (which I’m working on the living sit) and no one close to turn to emotionally, how the fuck do I go on? When is enough enough? When is it too much? I know giving up is not an option but it is all so overwhelming..."
}
{ "author" : "She1Flies2Free3",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 01:08:10",
"selftext" : "I mean literal hell for a year. (If you don’t count my lifetime of abuse before that.) Nex and I broke it off when he finally clarified who the abuser was and hit me and then threatened homicide/suicide with a cocked/loaded gun. I tried to get away and initiated NO CONTACT, but he is an obsessed crazy psycho stalker who has gone as far as to hack into my Facebook, follow me all the way to Hawaii on vacation, and harass myself and my family, friends, bosses, coworkers and even past therapist. 

One day working in my dangerous industry (which is small and he also works in, but is my passion and I CANNOT give it up) I messed up, then I woke up in a hospital bald with staples in my head being told that it had been a couple weeks and a large part of my skull was off for one of them. 

It took me 4 months of intense rehabilitation to get back to where I could resume normal activities and then another 2 to get back to work. During that time, I started dating someone who had been one of my friends for 3 years. I thought we had become best friends and he helped through a lot of my hard times. 

Once I was finally finding a new normal and happy my stalker Nex started to pop back up. I concluded that I must go to the police and court and fight for real this time, but he would not take me standing up for myself finally lightly so I needed to move out of the apt that I finally settled in because past mutual friends (not MY friends now) know where I live. So for two weeks my elementary school son and I have been staying with family 1 town away from where he goes to school and 2 towns away from where I work. I started to feel lost but at least I had my awesome boyfriend, my jobs and some family to lean on. 

Then my boyfriends dad had some sort of neurological episode (they couldn’t figure it out) and when he thought he was going to loose him, pushed me away and broke up with me. I made a fool of myself by going over when he didn’t want me there and they called the police to escort me away. (His narc controlling brother did.) I fucked up, I know! I know!

And now I feel more lost then ever, I had to see my Nex in court yesterday but we didn’t even get to have a hearing and before actually seeing the evidence (which oh do I have some) the judge just assumed it was a case of neither one of us letting go and reprimanded us both just to leave the other alone or go to jail, when really all he has against me is a GAG order that I was confused into agreement with in a previous hearing, not knowing I was agreeing to any injunction against myself. 

It’s now not gonna go to court again until later because his lawyer pulled some shit to give them more time and I’ve never felt more utterly alone. Nex was surrounded by a group of criminals, one of who raped me 2 weeks before we broke up, and one of who I actually thought was my friend until he got fired from the place we work only 2 weeks ago. 

In all of this, in waking up bald, being raped, in the initial incident, in all of it...I’ve never felt more fucking alone. Without my boyfriend who I thought was my best friend, my two female friends who used to always have my back becoming distant, and now not knowing who or what to trust seeing as Nex and I still work in the same industry my PTSD is just skyrocketing off the charts. With no roots put back down yet (which I’m working on the living sit) and no one close to turn to emotionally, how the fuck do I go on? When is enough enough? When is it too much? I know giving up is not an option but it is all so overwhelming..."
}
{ "author" : "She1Flies2Free3",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 01:16:12",
"selftext" : "I mean literal hell for a year. (If you don’t count my lifetime of abuse before that.) Nex and I broke it off when he finally clarified who the abuser was and hit me and then threatened homicide/suicide with a cocked/loaded gun. I tried to get away and initiated NO CONTACT, but he is an obsessed crazy psycho stalker who has gone as far as to hack into my Facebook, follow me all the way to Hawaii on vacation, and harass myself and my family, friends, bosses, coworkers and even past therapist. 

One day working in my dangerous industry (which is small and he also works in, but is my passion and I CANNOT give it up) I messed up, then I woke up in a hospital bald with staples in my head being told that it had been a couple weeks and a large part of my skull was off for one of them. 

It took me 4 months of intense rehabilitation to get back to where I could resume normal activities and then another 2 to get back to work. During that time, I started dating someone who had been one of my friends for 3 years. I thought we had become best friends and he helped through a lot of my hard times. 

Once I was finally finding a new normal and happy my stalker Nex started to pop back up. I concluded that I must go to the police and court and fight for real this time, but he would not take me standing up for myself finally lightly so I needed to move out of the apt that I finally settled in because past mutual friends (not MY friends now) know where I live. So for two weeks my elementary school son and I have been staying with family 1 town away from where he goes to school and 2 towns away from where I work. I started to feel lost but at least I had my awesome boyfriend, my jobs and some family to lean on. 

Then my boyfriends dad had some sort of neurological episode (they couldn’t figure it out) and when he thought he was going to loose him, pushed me away and broke up with me. I made a fool of myself by going over when he didn’t want me there and they called the police to escort me away. (His narc controlling brother did.) I fucked up, I know! I know!

And now I feel more lost then ever, I had to see my Nex in court yesterday but we didn’t even get to have a hearing and before actually seeing the evidence (which oh do I have some) the judge just assumed it was a case of neither one of us letting go and reprimanded us both just to leave the other alone or go to jail, when really all he has against me is a GAG order that I was confused into agreement with in a previous hearing, not knowing I was agreeing to any injunction against myself. 

It’s now not gonna go to court again until later because his lawyer pulled some shit to give them more time and I’ve never felt more utterly alone. Nex was surrounded by a group of criminals, one of who raped me 2 weeks before we broke up, and one of who I actually thought was my friend until he got fired from the place we work only 2 weeks ago. 

In all of this, in waking up bald, being raped, in the initial incident, in all of it...I’ve never felt more fucking alone. Without my boyfriend who I thought was my best friend, my two female friends who used to always have my back becoming distant, and now not knowing who or what to trust seeing as Nex and I still work in the same industry my PTSD is just skyrocketing off the charts. With no roots put back down yet (which I’m working on the living sit) and no one close to turn to emotionally, how the fuck do I go on? When is enough enough? When is it too much? I know giving up is not an option but it is all so overwhelming..."
}
{ "author" : "rinzler017",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 01:49:16",
"selftext" : "19 year old, just subscribed. Thats me. I've given up on life, no inspirations, aspirations, dreams, nothing. 2 years ago,if life had been normal that certainly wouldn't have been me. Life was going good, school, home, tuition, doing fine everywhere, parents were happy(its a big ask these days). Didn't have much time to play but got enough to keep me healthy, had friends, life was really at its best. 21 August 2015,8 am- Was going to school with my friend, our bike rammed into a bus and the last thing I remember is opening my eyes in hospital. Fractured my arm and almost had lost my leg, only a strands of veins somehow kept it together, lower leg was fully lacerated(I know i shouldn't have spoken about the gravity of the injury but i somehow feel better now when i talk about how far i have come, it sort of gives me inspiration to go on and maybe to someone reading who has been through the same). My friend had somehow was less injured(though got a fracture, now more than okay, considering he's pursuing physical training as a career). Life was still good(hah,not really, but could have been worse). I've been a studious child all my life, so tried to cope with studies, but the injury was getting better of me. Didn't want to waste a year repeating the class, but thats what had to be done. I got  a bit into video games and rest(I'll take the blame) and gradually lost interest in studies. It is the same time that i got really close to my parents, perhaps only because of the injury(being harsh here but hey I'm a teenager). To get away with anxiety and loneliness(I cant be sitting whole day with my parents, they also have jobs and work to do), I got a pet(some said it was solution,so I tried), but still found something missing. Tried to get back to studies but really couldn't. Was preparing for exams from home and only scored around 70's(too low for my parents expectations,its tough here in this part of world). Shattered to see the same parents who came so close to me, acting so strangely, didn't care to ask how i was doing, how's my health, how i'm doing with life. The injury was healing and the docs sent me to walking rehab. At this point of life all I was doing was taking walks and sleeping while my friends moving up in their lives. Watching their success on social media and some on newspapers took my parents even away from me(I know somewhere deep in their minds they may realize that I lag behind  because of that accident but when they used to compare me they seemed to not care about me, at least thats what I felt). So another year passed and I was still at home. Now the docs told me that no further treatment is needed and I should start taking long walks for another year, I was diagnosed with a drop foot thats not gonna heal(basically i cannot pull my feet up, makes walking challenging, and still hurts). I thought if its gonna stay the same for the rest of my life, then i should move to a college and continue my studies, and with my life. Now the technical part here, there is a exam in this part of world that gets you to the best institutions in the country. I failed the exam on my first attempt(scored -3 in physics, laughed silently in my room).  Now since I am returning to mainstream, my parents want to retry the same test and prepare for it another year whereas I have secured admission to a college(decent one, enough for the new me, not comparable to the other college). I want to get away with this life ,this sick and disastrous one to a new place and start a new phase while my parents want me to study again which I would have gladly done for what they have done all these years had I not lost this interest. Now this basically puts me against their decision which technically i think i am not, but I cannot help. Returning back to the same thing with all new fresh and younger faces is more bad than it sounds. It also would put me another year behind my friends if I ever meet anyone of them. I have lost everyone around me, no one to talk and share my thoughts to. My parents have never been so far even affter living in the same house, I dont want to sound anti-them, but the kind of hospitality and love they showed back then and suddenly asking so much out of me and that too so heartlessly. That exam, if at all I clear it might promise me a decent and better education and job but I really don't want to stay in this HOSTILE environment and waste another year putting all the efforts and having a chance of returning empty handed(I don't wanna sound already lost, but its another possibility) and of course one more year behind my so called peers. I am not able to make a decision and would want help, with most of you being old enough to understand the impacts and results of everything, might give a better perspective to what can be done.
    p.s.-After taking a look at the article i think i sound very much against my parents, but this simply came out of heart, and I'm not a heartless man. I know their concern is for my better future considering all the job crisis around the world but simply dropping years is not a wise solution especially so early into my career. My injury background might cover up for it, but the time that I have been around the same things, same walls, same people has made me lose interest in my life. I thought of suicide as well but I find it a stupid idea considering the time and efforts I have put in to stand up from the stretcher's and wheelchairs, I understand the worth of life. I couldn't, wouldn't and maybe shouldn't hurt my parents sentiments and hearts after all that they have through because of me, makes me feel like a heartless boy ~~man~~. Which makes me feel even more guilty from inside. I really don't understand what to do, maybe moving with the college thing is a easier choice to make in the short run, but that would at least take me away from here, for sometime, gather myself, my confidence, or whatever and make me stronger. I know I don't have a career in sports, or any such place which asks for physical strength so all I am left with only option of achieving something academically, and for that their concern of me trying again is absolutely 100% legit, which brings me into this terrible bind. Thank you for bearing with my bad English, but its not my native language, have no idea of formatting text so I'm not good with that also."
}
{ "author" : "FWSage",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 02:18:29",
"selftext" : "Fingers crossed. He went on the mother of all benders - for a week. Drained bank account, drove drunk/really drunk with our kids, used the company credit card @ a strip club. During his “lunch hour”. The owners of the company (my family) fired him. So, yeh. Now I have 30 days to reign in my own habitual drinking so as not to trigger him when he returns - from the $$$$$ rehab that I charged to my credit card. Cheers to better days."
}
{ "author" : "Dusty_Britches",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 03:13:46",
"selftext" : "Edit: Ignore my flair. Need to reset it. 

10-15+ drinks daily, for the past ~7 years. Usually whiskey, occasionally beer. 

I’ve tried going cold turkey, I’ve tried tapering, I started going to AA meetings, and even got a sponsor... but I’m still struggling to actually commit to sobriety.

The longest I’ve gone is 3 weeks, but at this point I’m having trouble even getting to 3 days.

I have decent insurance, and my job should be safe... I know that I need help, and I can’t do this on my own, but rehab honestly seems like a last resort kinda thing. I keep thinking that I’m better than that, but clearly I’m not. 

Any advice / stories / experiences?"
}
{ "author" : "TheOmenCow",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 07:02:05",
"selftext" : "I had the gun in my mouth, cocked and loaded, suicide note written. looking out over the city skyline when I saw the moon. Which was about 3/4 full, and realized that you can only see it from a certain angle. It made me think about my life, how some things you can only see from a certain angle. I put the gun down.

Tiny victories"
}
{ "author" : "alottowineabout",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 08:33:58",
"selftext" : "We've only been together a year, but there have been bad moments every week, followed by him apologizing and many good moments as well. 

He's handsome, smart, funny, sweet... A lot of good things when he's not drinking. Those were the times that made me happy. We would even drink together sometimes, when he could be limited and I could get him to eat and go to bed after. 

There were a few instances when he'd overdo it. I'd say about 10 in the year when he didn't limit his drinking and we had a blowout. He'd always apologize the next day.

Anyway, he got a DUI and I found out it was his third. The state laws say 3rd DUI is 6 months in jail and 10 years loss of license. I didn't like the thought of him losing his license because then I'd have to drive everywhere, but then again if he did he wouldn't be drinking and driving and it would be harder to get to the liquor store or bar. The jail came with an option of 90 days rehab, 90 days jail. 

I wanted the jail option, I wanted the forced rehab. The thought that he'd be in a program and somewhere safe and away where he'd have to face his problem made me think good things could come. How terrible is that?

He didn't end up getting the DUI, he just lost his license for reckless driving. Then to handle his loss of privilege, he got super drunk and we had a blowout. So bad that he called me every name in the book, stole vodka and started walking down the street with it, etc.

I told him if he walked out of my house to continue drinking we were done. This would be the second time he'd gotten drunk and walked out on me. Last time I said if it happened again I'd stop speaking to him.
I know this was a bad time for an ultimatum, but I was fed up. And since I said it now I have to stick to it because I don't want him thinking that behavior is ok.

I feel bad, I miss him, but I just can't make a future for myself like this. I wish there was some way to convince him to get help but I've been telling him for months I could support him in recovery and if he doesn't stop drinking I'd have to leave. Well, I left."
}
{ "author" : "Architr0n",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 11:54:22",
"selftext" : "Hey fellas..
(Sorry for any grammar mistakes, i´m not a native english speaker..)
I am addicted to PC- and Console Gaming for quite a while.. My father gave me my first PC 32 years ago when he left the family. Yes, i´m quite old, getting 37 at the day i start my rehab in about ten days.
After he left, i was left alone with my mother which couldn´t handle the situation, thus i was emotionally alone, trying to comfort HER! Then she had to work most of the day, leaving me alone even physically. My last resort was the gaming world. And it stayed like this.

In my youth years, pot (dope, or however you call it) came into my life to cradle me even more. And the combination of both is.. effective, at least.

I fought my whole life, mostly against myself. You know this struggle yourself.
4 years ago or something, i finally finished my graduation as a bachelor architect and even worked in switzerland as an architect for a while.

But my depressions and foremost my addictions crippled me too much to be a "functional part of society".
Smoking, gaming, porn, that was all that made me feel something.. Or, to be honest, made me NOT feel the pain that is stuck at my very roots.

Last year, after a bunch of unsuccessful relationships over the last decades, i got together with a woman i know for a very long time. She´s got two children out of a former relationship, but it didn´t concern me. I loved her and the kids and THIS time, i tried EVERYTHING to be a good partner, a good, functional person for their and OUR sake.
But, surprise, i failed. Badly..!

Every few days i had to leave, and it was even impossible for her to contact me. A very stressful situation for a mother with commitments. I even started fights to get out of the house and to be able to do the "stoned gaming" thing at my place..
Needless to say, with this addiction mentality, i developed very antisocial habits and even social fears. Thus making it hard to commute with other parents, for example.

In the end, she kindly asked me to do a stationary rehab.
First i was angered! What? Because of dope and gaming?? Are you CRAZY? Everybody is doing that shit.. What the fuck!
Then i started an ambulant therapy with a very experienced therapist, specialized in addictions. Very early in our meetings he told me, that he doesn´t believe i could be sanitized in an ambulant therapy. It could all go good in the therapy itself, but after coming home into my "addiction cave", every effort will be gone. He also strongly advised me to go into rehab.
Then again i said: Whaaaat? Me? Rehab? Every fucking body is doing the same shit!! Why me? I can do this by myself..

And i started a trial. I wanted to check if i am able to withstand my addictions for a month.. If so, i could go on with my life, getting stronger and overcome my shit.

As you expect, i failed hard again.
After a few days, i read an article at work about the indie game "Ringworld".. It got me interested.. At home, i researched a bit more, but DIDN´T WANT TO PLAY..
But from one minute to another (it  seemed) the day and most of the night were gone.. It was 6 in the morning and i was playing the whole time.. Mindless, without control..
I was angered an frustrated and said to me: no more! Tomorrow i´ll do something productive.. 
After i woke up in the morning, it turned 6 in the morning instantly again! What happened?
I just played that game for another 16 hours!!
WTF..
I had two more days off of work.. I was even more angered and frustrated about my lack of self control and said NEVERMORE!!
But.. The other two days exactly the same thing happened.. 
And i realized that i definitely have no control about my gamin habits. IT is controlling ME.. For so many years, decades even..
A side effect of my distorted an unfulfilling live in the end were suicidal thoughts.. Just to mention this.
Needless to say, the relationship that was so important to me came to an inglorious end.. I still suffer from that.
After some very depressing months,  i´ll finally start my rehab in about a week (at the date of my birthday. A self given birthday present, so to say).

I´m aiming for a more self-determined, fulfilling live. I want to be able to obtain healthy relationships and maybe one day be a GOOD father and partner. Honestly, at this point i have nothing left to lose.. 

I am sharing this here because i strongly hope that YOU don´t wait to consider a rehab for computer gaming until you´re my age.. Don´t waste THAT much time, please! You´re a creative and precious being. And you have THE POSSIBILITY to regain your life. You "just" need to make the decision to not be the victim of your addictions anymore.
I strongly advise to get professional help and maybe read the book from Russell Brand about addiction. It helped me to get some things into perspective.

I leave you with a quote from my therapist:
"Don´t consider yourself to be too weak. You just underestimate your addictions. There is no significant (practical) difference between an alcohol addiction, an heroin addiction, porn addiction or your gaming addiction." It is absolutely legitimate to get professional help with gaming addiction.

Farewell, folks"
}
{ "author" : "Prevenient_grace",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 13:00:20",
"selftext" : "I'm assembling "The Annotated Complete Guide to Alcohol Use Disorder" based on user inputs.  Please add to the Chapters!

Major chapter headings:

Early Stage

1.  Tipsy meets Carefree Fun

2.  Hey, I'm Smarter and Better Looking!

3.  Chugging it Saves Time

4.  Making Offerings to the Porcelain Altar

Middle Stage

5.  Installing Your Own Shrine in Your Home (Built in Bars)

6.  Intensive Sampling of IPAs, Vintages and Single Malts

7.  "Dude Where's My Car?"

8.  DUIs, Lawyers and Interlocks

Late Stage

9.  Buying in Bulk- Boxes of Wine &amp; Home Delivery Tips

10.  Rotating Package Stores to Mislead Clerks

11. Popular Hiding Places and Best "Water" Bottles to Use at Work

12.  Creative Resume Techniques to Avoid Embarrassing Interview Questions

Final Stages

13.  Kindling - Everything You Need to Know

14.  Rehabs - What To Pack; What to Expect

15.  Primer on Jaundice, Hepatitis, Esophageal Varices and More

16.  When You've Lost your Job, Home and Family - Next Steps

17.  Burial and Interment vs. Cremation
"
}
{ "author" : "agb714",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 19:21:01",
"selftext" : "Hey everyone.  I made this account to post here since I want to stay anonymous.  Sorry if it's long and rambly.

Over the last six years, my drinking has gotten pretty out of control.  Addiction runs in both sides, so I had pretty much 0% chance to be able to control it.  I knew that, but I started anyway.

At first it was just a couple beers or whatever was cheap, ostensibly to help me sleep since I worked third shift and had trouble sleeping since I was a teen.  Maybe a couple times a week.

Then it became daily.

Then it became much larger volumes.  I switched to vodka and cheap whiskey, and pretty soon I was going through at least a fifth a day.  I once did an entire handle every day for a week.  Once I had that first drink, I couldn't stop until I couldn't stay awake any longer. My control over it was just enough that I still made it to work on time, but the negative effects on my body and personality started piling up.

I'm married, and we just had a baby, our first, in February.  My ability to hide it kept getting worse.  At one point the two of them spent over two weeks at my in-laws' house, rather than being here, because of it. I still went over there to see my daughter every day, but they didn't come home with me.

I kept telling my wife "I'll stop, I'm done", only to jump right back into it.  I hated myself for lying to her like that, but the urge was overpowering.  Then came Easter this year; my mom, who is also an addict, had about two bottles of wine, made a fool of herself, and nearly dropped my daughter when holding her more than once.  I told myself that was it for me. 

I finally saw a doctor, who prescribed me Librium (chlordiazepoxide) to keep me from going through withdrawals while quitting. 

He also prescribed me Naltrexone to help with cravings, a six month trial period -- if I wanted to keep using it, I'd have to start going to peer meetings.  I thought I could do it without that; I'm not a very social person and I have an even harder time asking for help.

I made it for two and a half days on the Librium alone before relapsing.  

Finally, yesterday, I woke up after another binge with a bottle next to me and a series of angry texts from my wife.  Not the first time.  But I've decided it's the last time.

As of right now I haven't had a drink in 24 hours.  This time tomorrow it'll be 48.  I'll be checking in daily for a little while, and plan to be active in this sub.  I need to get my health back, for myself, and for my marriage, my daughter, and her future siblings.  I don't want them to have any memory of their dad like this, and in ten years I want to be so far removed from it that it's like it happened to someone else.  

But I won't forget that it happened.  Thanks for reading. I hope to be able to support, and be supported by, this sub for a long time to come.

"
}
{ "author" : "rivertsy",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 19:34:07",
"selftext" : "So first of all I posted drunk on here a few weeks ago and was desperate. I apologize for this if it hurt anyone. 

Second of all I took the advice to see my doctor today. To get some help. She wants me to go to rehab. Said she couldn’t give me anything to help. I’m already down from a big bottle of wine to a six pack a day for months. I’ve had a seizure in the past (unrelated - medication I was on). So she does not think I can just stop. And I told her I had been trying to taper but couldn’t. I said I couldn’t go to rehab. She suggested out patient therapy. But the number she gave me does not assist medically. So that’s out. I cried in the office and the whole way home. She just couldn’t help me. I have no one to help me. I’m just going to go cold turkey. Or maybe force myself to taper. I can’t do this anymore. I’ve ruined my life, although I’m functional. I was so hoping she would be able to help me. I’m dazed and my eyes hurt from crying. I just want to reach out here and say that I am quitting. I think going cold turkey will be okay if I do it now. The longer I wait the more dangerous it will be. I’m not looking for medical advice, just sharing my doctor experience. My insides hurt so much. I want to vomit. The thought of the week ahead has me so scared. "
}
{ "author" : "ThrowAwayRanter17",
"date" : "05/04/2018, 22:39:36",
"selftext" : "I am 17 years old and from a baby i have lived with my grandparents since my parents were not the best at taking care of me, but its really to long to go into. Since my mother was 15 she has had problems with drugs, with her recent conviction being her 3rd or 4th time inside. The conviction was related to her selling narcotics like heroin (maybe cocaine too).

About a year ago i did start to have contact with her again, i told her if she messed up again or lied the relationship would be cut. It seems like shes changing and im glad for her. She is educating herself inside, keeping her nose clean and doing drug rehab groups like NA.

She has started phoning less and she asked for money off my grandmother last time she phoned. This is normally the pattern it follows with her: Regular contact

Semi-Regular contact

Rare contact with not phoning in ages then when she does asking for money.

The lack of contact might be her being busy and getting ready for release in a few months but imo its not an excuse.

This weekend i had a phone call from her, she said she phoned me at the weekend but i didnt have any missed calls on my phone. Right there i had a go at her and told her im done with the relationship.

After that she text saying she might of phoned my grandmother,which she did. I know i overreacted but that conversation with her made me realise i dont want the relationship with her right now. Im starting a new college(UK) and want to focus on that. I am also interested in pursing a career in law enforcement in the future and my relationship with her could put a black mark on my record for that.

I know my mother has mental health issues too, but every time shes been inside its looked like shes been changing. Then when she gets out it eventually goes pear shaped again. I dont want to keep the contact just for her mental health when i dont really want it.

Im posting here because i dont know what to do tbh, would like some advice or anything really."
}
{ "author" : "FWSage",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 00:00:51",
"selftext" : "Yesterday I found this board/posted about just dropping my husband off at rehab \(30\-day inpatient\). I've been irritated about this debacle for many reasons, one of which is that it means I wil have to stop drinking at home \(which is where I usually drink.\) Initially I was going to wait until the very last minute lol like the day before I pick him up. After reading all of your posts, I decided to just take the plunge today. On a Friday nonetheless, day before Cinco May, and with a calendar full of alcohol\-infused events. I'm not sure if I will only do no alcohol allowed in the house or no drinking period. I will figure that out later. But thanks all for the jump start! "
}
{ "author" : "fillupamerica",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 00:36:26",
"selftext" : "29, Male, 170, Right wrist SLL joint 5 months, no prior health conditions

in December I hurt my wrist. I was over using it. rock climbing. training on small edges. after one specific day i fell on an outstretched hand. and the next week it hurt a ton! then it slightly got better, so i kept climbing on it. It would get better, get worse, get better, get worse. I finally went to a hand surgeon. I got an MRI. it reads i have a 'small partial tear of the SLL centrally'. I have not climbed on it since March. So now i'm wearing a brace. it's been 2 weeks. What can I do to speed this up? Doc says it won't heal on its own but doesn't recommend surgery. He also seems like a huge fuc*ing idiot. Can it heal on its own? what about PRP? are there peptides i could take? 

What kind of rehab/pt could i do? 



"
}
{ "author" : "Parisiowa",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 00:38:17",
"selftext" : "I'll try to keep this as brief as possible while providing context.  My dad, 63, has struggled with alcohol his entire adult life.  For many years when I was a child he was sober.  My mother has borderline personality disorder and I think she just scared him in to not drinking.  He finally got the courage to leave about 7 or 8 years ago and things went downhill from there.  

He was fired from his very high-paying job that he loved (presumably for behaviors relating to the alcohol he had begun consuming immediately after leaving my mother).  He moved far away, got fired, moved closer, got fired, moved again.  He came to visit me about a year ago and was staying in a hotel and never showed up, saying his GPS was getting him lost (he knows the area well).  We made plans for brunch the next day and he never showed.  Upon exiting the restaurant we were greeted by the sight of him being arrested.  At 9am on a Sunday morning he was at 4 times the legal limit.  I had to go and pick him up from the county hospital where they had been treating him and drive him, still drunk, back to the airport.  Several months later he had to return because there was a warrant for his arrest; when he returned to work he was fired for the arrest.

Now he is working in a far away state where he knows no one, about a 12-hour drive away and not easily accessible by plane.  I have a sister but she is only slightly closer to him.  He got fired last week.  I know he is constantly drunk.  My sister and I take turns each day trying to get a text from him to make sure he's alive.  We have both offered to help with whatever he needs and he says sure but then won't even get us the basic information we need to help.  My sister and I are struggling with the fact that we're so far away but we both have our own lives and can't go across the country to deal with a man in a terrible state and move him.  He wants to move closer to family and we are trying to help him but that is difficult when he won't answer the phone--and I don't think he's capable of talking on the phone.  He has been through outpatient rehab many times.  He has no health insurance now and does not qualify for Medicaid.  I cannot bring him to my house because my mother will find us and possibly hurt us.  I can't get him to sign a power of attorney. I am terrified he is going to die 12 hours away and we won't know and I don't know how to help him. 

Is there anything I'm not considering?  Has anyone been in a similar situation?  This feels so lonely."
}
{ "author" : "Rolekkk",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 00:49:50",
"selftext" : "The only proven benefit from no-fap, that isn't a placebo, is that you're 100 times more horny to the point you can't speak properly to women anymore and that you level out your dopamine levels (only if they're already fucked up)

So imagine if you're on a 300-400day streak right and you feel very proud of yourself and since your pride is the only thing that you could really actually benefit from what happens when your relapse? you feel like absolute shit. Its like taking a drug (the more you take it the more you need, stacking up the days etc) then when you stop its like going on rehab you feel like shit. You feel even worse than before knowing that you can overcome this.

So if you keep thinking I'm not going to fap forever I suggest you stop that now, its completely normal to do so, obviously not a few times a day and certainly for an adult, so if you're some fat 30 year old sitting in your basement and jacking off every hour and playing games then unless you're some sort of ill then there are no excuses and you should instantly get a hang of yourself.

To conclude, if you still wanna try no fap make sure you don't think you'll do it forever its completely normal to fap and you shouldn't be hiding with it, or you will lose even more confidence. Try 2 times per week or something normal like that, the older you are the less you should do it and the more you should go looking for real sex.

That's just my opinion on it from my experience, I'm only 14 so I still do have a lot to learn."
}
{ "author" : "fruitsnank",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 03:27:23",
"selftext" : "[TL;DR at the end]

I’ve gone through a lot of transformation and understanding these within past few years and especially these past few months. I have tried to talk to my dad and my grandma about my Nex and Nmom and they just tell me I need to get over it. What really hurts is they say that I really wasn’t abused (sexually or physically), so they don’t understand why I have these issues and blame it upon themselves when thats not what I want them to do at all. I’m addicted to feeling validated. In fact, I seek validation from reddit with my issues. I’m addicted to having everyone see me as a good human being who is in the right. I’m 20 years old, I have my own job and I still feel the need to ask permission leave the house, take a shower, cook in the kitchen, and take the dog on a walk. My younger brother actually had to point out I shouldn’t have to ask to do things and that I have to fight for my right to do these things.

I relive the emotional abuse from my Nmom and Nex everyday. I’m addicted to it thinking about it. I’m honestly living vicariously through the memories in my own head. Its as if I’m afraid to forget my past hurts again so I keep the abuse at the front of my thoughts to prevent me from ever doing it again in real life. I’m not out seeking more abusive relationships. I turn away those that treat me wrong. I’m actually quite isolated. 

I keep seeking validation from people and I shouldn’t. My dad wants to fix me; he’s a self proclaimed ‘solutions guy.’ My stepmom also want to help me. I try and tell my dad he can’t ‘fix’ me; only I can fix me. 

I have blatant issues and my dad doesn’t really acknowledge it some of it. My grandma tells me I just need to lock up these memories in my mind throw away the key and be done with it. I haven’t done that though because I’m addicted to their constant validation. I don’t want to use this past abuse as an excuse to fail in life, I want to acknowledge it and grow from it so I’m not repeating the same mistakes over and over and can be a better person. I know I need to stop seeking people’s approval and validation. 

My parents split up and I lived with my dad. I attempted to run away from my dad’s my freshman year of high school. We brushed it off like it was nothing. He said I should go to the school councilor weekly, I tried to and that just stopped. One night my dad told me when he came into the school after having me caught running away the principal looked at him as if he had raped me and he was a terrible father. That ones one of the few times I actually saw my dad tear up. I hurt my dad I’m really upset I’ve done this. I feel so bad about it I sometimes wish he’d get fed up with me and just push me away for good. Sometimes I think I just need to pack my bags and leave for real. I’m afraid to accept help from anybody out of fear of them expecting something in return back from them. I’m afraid for them to help me and fail them by not getting better after they’ve helped me. 

I got sent home in the fifth grade because I told a few people I was gonna kill myself over a guy not liking me. I mean if this doesn’t scream fucked up I don’t know what does. I’m extremely embarrassed over this. This was ten years ago and I still cringe at this. My mom was sent into the councilors office with teachers and a police officer. I started crying and just wanted to go home. It was one of the worst years of my life I was extremely depressed and I was only 12. I don’t remember my dad talking to me about it. They called my Nmom in and when they should have called my dad but thats the way it went down though. We moved on from this event quite quickly, almost as if it was swept under the rug. I sometimes think we need to bring it up again some day but I am afraid to, my dad gets mad at me and ignores me when I want to talk about anything too deep really. He tells me I need to talk to someone about it but not a councilor... he doesn’t believe in paying someone to listen to your problems and frankly, neither do I. I’m also not sure talking about it with my dad or anybody for that matter would be beneficial and could possibly make things worse. 

TL;DR: I really wasn’t abused (sexually or physically), so they don’t understand why I have these issues. I relive the emotional abuse from my Nmom and Nex everyday. I don’t want to use this past abuse as an excuse to fail in life, I want to acknowledge it and grow from it so I’m not repeating the same mistakes over and over and can be a better person. I know I need to stop seeking people’s approval and validation. 
"
}
{ "author" : "allmyfault1111",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 10:27:55",
"selftext" : "I was talking to a friend/former roommate I barely knew on and off again through social media for the past 6 months. They had a substance abuse problem that caused them to be homeless for several weeks, get kicked out of rehab, and get arrested. 

I initially started talking to them because I saw something was wrong and thought I could help them.

However the relationship turned into something I never intended.

The last time I talked to them they were high. I was annoyed and told them I was disappointed. They started cussing me out and saying rude things, so I started back. I think I went too far..

In anger, I deleted them from social media. 

Less than 24 hours later I learned that they committed suicide.


Is it my fault????? I could have never said the things I said to them. I could have kept lines of communication open. I didn't see this coming, but I feel responsible and don't know if I can or should live with myself. "
}
{ "author" : "amg2018",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 13:25:11",
"selftext" : "Just completed my first stint in rehab and they gave me the vivitrol shot on tuesday. I feel like my hormones are so out of whack, the joints in my legs are so sore, especially at night, which is leading me to getting zero sleep.

I'm hoping these feelings subside soon, I don't know how much more I can take. "
}
{ "author" : "mary_widdow",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 17:03:40",
"selftext" : "Well I’m back to day one. What is different this time is that I am going to try rehab and I told my father and his wife last night. My mother lives with me so she knows.  Our addition centre is closed over the weekend so I can’t call them  so here I am. I guess I’m asking do I just go down there and say “hey let me in”. I live in Canada if that makes any difference.   Can anyone kind of tell me what I can expect?"
}
{ "author" : "brilee26",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 19:11:09",
"selftext" : "Here's the gist of it...my boyfriend has struggled with alcohol fairly consistently for the past year (he's 30). In January of this year, his family had enough and told him if he didn't go to rehab, they were choosing to disconnect from him. He obliged, but I feel it was only because he didn't want to lose them. He completed a 30-day rehab during the beginning of this year, and things were good for a couple of months. 

Fast forward to April of this year...I found he had Kratom and Phenibut that he said he was using to help keep him away from alcohol. I believe he has been abusing both of these substances, and this past week found a bottle of vodka.

Here's my question--his family and myself have had enough, and it's getting to the point that this is dangerous. Before he went to rehab, he was hospitalized with a BAC of .37. If it gets back to that point, there's no telling what could happen. I am thinking of confronting him and then leaving until he decides to get serious about being sober. His family has written letters to him (they're in a different state) which will be presented to him in a couple of days. Is it too much to pull everything out from under him at once, i.e., family and myself (we've been together 6 years), or should I just leave first and then if he still doesn't get help, bring his family in?

As of this posting, he does not know that his family or myself know he has been continuing to drink / use Kratom."
}
{ "author" : "brilee26",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 19:25:36",
"selftext" : "Here's the gist of it...my boyfriend has struggled with alcohol fairly consistently for the past year (he's 30). In January of this year, his family had enough and told him if he didn't go to rehab, they were choosing to disconnect from him. He obliged, but I feel it was only because he didn't want to lose them. He completed a 30-day rehab during the beginning of this year, and things were good for a couple of months.

Fast forward to April of this year...I found he had Kratom and Phenibut that he said he was using to help keep him away from alcohol. I believe he has been abusing both of these substances, and this past week found a bottle of vodka.

Here's my question--his family and myself have had enough, and it's getting to the point that this is dangerous. Before he went to rehab, he was hospitalized with a BAC of .37. If it gets back to that point, there's no telling what could happen. I am thinking of confronting him and then leaving until he decides to get serious about being sober. His family has written letters to him (they're in a different state) which will be presented to him in a couple of days. Is it too much to pull everything out from under him at once, i.e., family and myself (we've been together 6 years), or should I just leave first and then if he still doesn't get help, bring his family in?

As of this posting, he does not know that his family or myself know he has been continuing to drink / use Kratom."
}
{ "author" : "joshyP12366",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 19:29:17",
"selftext" : "I'm worried that they'll make me go off of vyvanse for my ADHD. I am addicted to vyvanse however my roommate has my pills in a safe and gives me my regular dose everyday and I've been doing this for a number of months now and its bein working. The main reason I want to go to rehab is to stop drinking entirely, I feel alcohol causes me a lot of problems in life and I want to seek treatment for it, however I'm worried that they'll make me go off of vyvanse as well since I have a depency on the drug, and have abused it in the past. Will this happen???"
}
{ "author" : "brilee26",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 19:36:10",
"selftext" : "Here's the gist of it...my boyfriend has struggled with alcohol fairly consistently for the past year (he's 30). In January of this year, his family had enough and told him if he didn't go to rehab, they were choosing to disconnect from him. He obliged, but I feel it was only because he didn't want to lose them. He completed a 30-day rehab during the beginning of this year, and things were good for a couple of months.

Fast forward to April of this year...I found he had Kratom and Phenibut that he said he was using to help keep him away from alcohol. I believe he has been abusing both of these substances, and this past week found a bottle of vodka.

Here's my question--his family and myself have had enough, and it's getting to the point that this is dangerous. Before he went to rehab, he was hospitalized with a BAC of .37. If it gets back to that point, there's no telling what could happen. I am thinking of confronting him and then leaving until he decides to get serious about being sober. His family has written letters to him (they're in a different state) which will be presented to him in a couple of days. Is it too much to pull everything out from under him at once, i.e., family and myself (we've been together 6 years), or should I just leave first and then if he still doesn't get help, bring his family in?

As of this posting, he does not know that his family or myself know he has been continuing to drink / use Kratom."
}
{ "author" : "annabobana313",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 20:35:51",
"selftext" : "Wow, it's over.  I completed my stay in rehab. It was a wild ride but the best decision I ever made. I met some amazing people.  I met some not so amazing people. I learned a lot about myself and why I've been drinking for the past 20 years. I found the true root of my anxiety and depression.  I watched girls get discharged and found out they had relapsed the next day. I laughed, cried, and bonded with women whom I hope to be in contact with for the rest of my life.  I'm adjusting to being back at home now and will be heading to a meeting in a few hours.

If anyone out there is considering rehab, stop selling yourself short and GO. It's a chance to turn it all around and start over. It's scary, but god is it worth it. "
}
{ "author" : "iaminsamity",
"date" : "05/05/2018, 20:44:21",
"selftext" : "I’ve tried to write this a few times... it probably won’t make a ton of sense because i can’t make sense of it yet. 
My husband is an alcoholic. 
We’ve been together for almost 4 years. A one night stand led to a pregnancy and we started dating from there. Our oldest son is 3 and we have a 4 month old. 
He used to drink everyday and through me trying to control the situation that slowed down a lot but he still binge drinks. 
In January when i was pregnant the baby stopped moving. I went to the hospital and he was born via c section 7 weeks early and spent a month in the nicu. When he was a week old my husband asked me to come home from the hospital early so we could spend time together.. i walked in the door and he walked out. He came home drunk and mean. He told me he had hoped i would bleed out from my c section and that he didn’t care about the baby. All in front of our screaming toddler I left. I stayed with my parents for a few days and then he sucked me back in. He went to aa for the first time and i thought he would get better. He stopped drinking. It lasted 2 weeks. He would have one here and there and i didn’t like it but i thought as long as he isn’t drunk.... i guess. 
His birthday was Thursday, he went to the bar to watch the playoff hockey game. I had a bad feeling but i let him go. I’m not his keeper. My toddler woke up at 230 and i realized my husband wasn’t home yet. I called. No answer. This is bad. 10 minutes later i heard a bang on the window. He’s standing outside holding his shoe, swaying. I let him in, he flops on the couch and he is incoherent. I try to talk to him, it’s like he didn’t even know i was there. Then he stood up and walked outside to the back lane and lay down. I called 911 and my dad. The firefighters and my dad arrived at the same time. He was angry now. Our toddler is witnessing this. It took 4 firefighters and my dad to restrain him. They called the police. They asked if he could come in and go to sleep. I said absolutely not, and they handcuffed him and took him to the drunk tank. My toddler was trying to put his boots and jacket on to go with his dad. He saw him handcuffed. It was devastating. 
He called me in the morning, mad, yelling. He thought the police beat him up. He beat himself up. I watched him. Punching himself and the stucco on the house. 
His parents picked him up and brought them to their place out of town. His mom asked if they could bring my toddler too. I said no. I told his parents that he needs rehab, and until he does, he can’t come home or see the boys. They said no. They would bring him home in the morning and we would all talk. They said he needs the boys. I talked to his sister and she agreed with me. I invited her to come the next morning. 
My husband slept for 18 hours. He texted me in the morning asking to take my toddler for a few days. I said no. He asked if he could come home. I said i wasn’t sure. 
He came home, packed a bag and left. His parents are scared for our safety so his sister is staying with me and he boys for a few days. Then they will take over.
His parents have been his biggest enablers, with me in second place. I’m done though. I can’t love scared anymore. I can’t placate him to avoid his meltdowns. It’s not healthy for me or our kids. 
I don’t know what’s going to happen next, but I’m weirdly calm. I feel at peace with it. Though i am scared he will go out and drink and then get into the coke and OD. But i can’t let that sway me anymore.
I’m either going to have a husband who is a recovering alcoholic and working towards better mental health or I’m going to have an alcoholic ex husband. This is my life. I’m going to live it healthily and happily. Whatever it takes."
}
{ "author" : "roketman062395",
"date" : "05/06/2018, 05:43:27",
"selftext" : "I used to be an alcoholic. Then quit. But since last July it seems like im skyrocketing back to where I was many years ago and I scared myself. I drank so much that usually at this point I'd feel the fake happiness and comfort from drinking but I don't feel anything but empty.  So I keep drinking and no one really knows about it. I drink a lot. People know that but they don't know how much behind closed doors. They don't know what I'm trying to drown inside. There was one person in my life that I could always turn to because she was there for me and now it's just me.  Honestly guys, part of me doesn't want to ever stop drinking. But part of me is scared of just everything in my life right now and feels like without liquor I'm not going to get past it. Then I feel like a dirt bag coward for drinking. So I just drink more.  Just needed to say it to at least some people that may understand.  "
}
{ "author" : "trimalleolar",
"date" : "05/06/2018, 11:06:29",
"selftext" : "I’ve lurked here for a while, but this is my first post. I’m sorry it’s so long, I’ve got a lot to get off my chest. 

My partner &amp; I bought a house together in September last year. At the time, I didn’t fully comprehend how much of an alcoholic he was. He hid it well &amp; kept his job &amp; life mostly together. I’d known he had a drinking problem, but it seemed he’d kicked it, so we took the plunge together.

It took a few months for me to see the full picture. I’ve since found out that he’d never stopped drinking &amp; had been drinking at least two bottles of wine a day. More on weekends. It started to affect his health, he got scared &amp; asked for help. He’s since been to rehab twice &amp; has been diagnosed with severe liver disease. He tried for a while after rehab, but he found excuses to fall off the wagon pretty quickly. He’s now back to drinking every day. We don’t know how long he’s going to live for, but I know his drinking is bringing that day closer &amp; closer. He refuses to get help or try anymore because he’s dying. If he stops drinking, he might live up to 15 years more. If not, it’ll probably only be months. 

My problem is, aside from it breaking my heart to see the man I love killing himself, I have two boys aged 9 &amp; 10. My ex husband &amp; divorced when my boys were pretty young &amp; when we moved in together it seemed like a chance for my boys to finally be part of a happy family household. My partner had his kids regularly too &amp; for a short while, we had all the happiness on the world. That didn’t last long though. 

My partner is not violent, but I don’t want my kids to be living with a drunk. I’ve done my best to shield them from this.  My partner’s earlier stints in rehab were him being “in hospital because he was sick” I hate lying to my kids, but I don’t want them exposed to this. So, now when my partner is drunk (he often goes to bed/passes out), I tell them he’s still sick. I hope you don’t think this is enabling, I’m trying to do what’s best for my kids. 

I can’t go on living like this though. I love him with my heart &amp; soul, but it’s not healthy for my boys. My partner wants me to just be “cool” about his drinking &amp; accept that there is no point getting help because he’s dying sooner or later anyway. That might be something I could try to do if I didn’t have my children’s well-being to consider. 

We own a house together. I’ve offered to buy him out. He won’t move. I can’t afford to move as all of my money is tied up in this house. My children love this house &amp; would be devastated to leave. We’re all stuck here for now. 

I try to set boundaries &amp; ask him to not come near me or my kids when he drinks. He promises he will, but still comes &amp; says or does stupid things, encouraging my boys to not pay attention to their boring mum. He wants to be around me &amp; be affectionate, but I find him repulsive when he’s been drinking. I don’t drink at all anymore. After what I’ve seen it do to him, I never want to see another alcoholic drink in my life. 

The last time he spiralled into binging more &amp; more like is starting to happen again now, I said no more &amp; we broke up. It was horrible &amp; toxic. He refused to leave the house. He drank more &amp; more. I didn’t know what to do. I tried to stay out of the house as much as possible. My boys &amp; I could have  gone somewhere else for a few days, but the problem would still be there when we got home. 

I was beside myself with upset &amp; worry. I was so distracted, I ended up slipping over &amp; fracturing my ankle. He came to me in the hospital that afternoon, he looked after me, he looked after my boys. I thought maybe it was the purpose he needed to keep him from drinking. He knew I was depending on him &amp; trusting him. For a short while, he was a new man with purpose and responsibility, but It didn’t last. 

Slowly, but surely, he slipped back into old habits. He’s now back to drinking every day &amp; this weekend, he’s binging again. Luckily, my boys are at their dad’s for the weekend. My partner always sobers up a bit for work, only drinking at night &amp; often skipping a day after a binge out of guilt, but he’s getting more &amp; more out of control. This week or next week, he won’t care whether my boys are around if he feels like getting totalling blasted. 

I know I can’t cure him. I know it’s not my responsibility, but how do I live my life? How do I keep my children safe from this? My boys &amp; I are stuck in this house with him. He’s a wonderful man when he’s sober. I don’t want our relationship to end, but my kids have to come first. His drinking is spiralling further &amp; further out of control. I won’t be able to shield them from it much longer. They’re not old enough to understand this &amp; they shouldn’t have to. "
}
{ "author" : "whyhellogoodbye",
"date" : "05/06/2018, 12:52:19",
"selftext" : "I just got out of rehab over a week ago because the meds were taking over my life. Yeah they helped me focus, but they destroyed my personality. I wish they had worked for me like they do for so many other people.

Anyway, I'm just super happy with myself right now for producing a whole album off my meds and wanted to share my success =) https://zachwright.bandcamp.com/releases"
}
{ "author" : "Thy_Lord_Castiel",
"date" : "05/06/2018, 14:36:21",
"selftext" : "I'm an opiod addict. I've been clean for a long time. I've done my steps. I did rehab. I did what I was supposed to, ya know?

I keep a bottle of Vicodin in my medicine cabinet. Next to my razor blade. I make myself stare at it every morning to remind myself I almost lost my wife and kids for that shit. And every day I ignore it.

The other day my son's wanted to be like dad and shave. Climbed the sink, got in my cabinet, knocked the bottle of Tylenol and Vicodin out. They quickly stuffed the pills in the bottle because I heard the commotion. I scolded them and sent them on their way, not knowing about the pills.

Today I took 3 Tylenol after work. After 30 minutes a familiar feeling came over me. They had mixed the pills and I took the Vicodin. Now I'm high, craving more, and feeling worthless because I want more. And I know my wife will leave me and take our boys if I take more. Yet part of me wants the pills more than my family. And I feel like I've became my father when I thought that.

Fml man."
}
{ "author" : "mardeka",
"date" : "05/06/2018, 14:45:18",
"selftext" : "Hi!

So some backstory: I quit drinking one month ago (30 days sober as of today). I would say that I was a functioning alcoholic. I mean that in the way that I wouldn't drink every day or get black out drunk. But I did drink about 4/5 days a week, mostly wine and beer, and when I drank I couldn't stop at just one glass of wine or one beer. I would also often drink alone. So I am aware that I am not one of those people who can drink occasionally a glass of wine. When I drank I always craved more. So I quit drinking a month ago, haven't had any withdrawal symptoms, but I do crave alcohol from time to time. 
 Also about a month ago I met a new guy, and we have been on several dates so far, and talked about being exclusive and both wanting a serious relationship. I wouldn't say I am in love with him, but I do like him a lot and look forward to what may come out of it. The problem is I knew his mother died 3 years ago (he is 30, I am 29), but recently he told me that she died of alcoholism. She had been an alcoholic his whole life and because of it during part of his childhood he lived with his grandmother. She also had been in and out rehab, tried to quit several times, etc. the whole story. Moreover, he never met his father, so despite all this, his relationship with his mother was quite close.
So, since I have just met him and I didn't want to scare him away, I haven't told him yet about my problems with alcohol. Now I am even more afraid that knowing my struggle with alcoholism will scare him away, but at the same time I feel that it is unfair to keep it a secret from him, given his past. I feel like I should tell him, because I feel like, given his mother's story, we would not want to get involved with someone like me. 

So my question is: what would you do if you were in my place? Would you tell him right away in case he didn't want to pursue a relationship with someone like me? or would you wait to see how things go?

tldr; I quit drinking a month ago, my new boyfriend (been dating for one month) just told me his mother died of alcoholism. Have not told him yet about my struggle with alcohol. Not sure if I should tell him now or wait."
}
{ "author" : "kartokovitz",
"date" : "05/06/2018, 23:27:51",
"selftext" : "Hi N,

I know you are in love now. I'm not at all happy about it but I think you are happy. To be honest, I'm very jealous, very hurt and very vulnerable right now. I don't know how and when the misery will end. I closed my eyes and I asked myself "Pretend that you had all the love in this world. What else would you like to do". I couldn't answer the question. It looks like being in love is all I want from my life. So now imagine how much I loved you, how badly I wanted to marry you. How I saw you as a daughter, a mother, a friend and a lover at the same time. Now take it all away and give that to someone else. That's how I feel.

I'm hungry but I'm not able to eat. I'm sleepy but I can't sleep. I don't even want to drink because even that is not working. Nothing's working. Nothing at all. I went to see my therapist, I got better for ten minutes but then I got worse. Why did you have to ask me how I was doing? I ended up texting you and I ended up seeing your profile picture and your whatsapp status. I started running around in the room like crazy, I told myself to calm down but it didn't work. And then when I said I'm in a lot of pain because of you and you said 'Don't put it on me.' Fair enough. And then you blocked me when I asked you to talk to me. Fair enough. Then why did you ask me how I was in the first fucking place? Did you really care about me? Then why did you say that I can't talk because I'm sleepy? 

I am not mad at you for breaking up. That brings sadness which I will talk about in due time. But I hate your fucking excuses. I'm in a bus. I'm eating. I'm pooping. Well, you know what? I'm fucking dying. I get to be tended first. You can miss an hour of sleep for someone who helped you so much in life. And this is not even after break-up. Why? Like why? Have I ever shouted at you? Why avoid confrontation? We dated for three years, you owe me answers N. It's a complete dick move to disappear over a text message. It's cowardly. And I'm crying here, missing food, missing sleep. I had to tell you all these things but you still didn't call me, when we were dating? Now of course you don't owe me anything. 

Go and be happy. You had your flaws and I don't think I can forgive you. But go and be happy. I don't need a phone call. I don't need you to break up with me on phone or in person. I don't think you have the courage to do that. I hope you gather than courage. Because I don't like it when people use you and manipulate you. I know your past was brutal and because of that, you lack that courage of proper intervention. But I hope you move on. Nobody will shout at you for being yourself.


Now let me talk about my anxiety. I'm extremely hurt. I'm worried I will never fall in love again. I'm worried that I'm too ugly. My anxiety is skyrocketing. I don't know what to do because I really feel scared about the future Reddit. You can look at my post history and see how many times I have posted this very same thing. I'm very afraid about my future. It's so uncertain. Love looks tricky and I don't know if I can find it. There is nothing wrong with me as such. I am well read. I am a musician. I have a lot of depth in both philosophy and psychology. I have the most beautiful friends in the world who stayed up all night to help me. I don't think I am unlovable because I have so much love and it keeps increasing the more I give. I can give a lot of love. 

But I'm worried about the statistics. Is it too late for me? I'm 27 and I'm an Indian. So that means, that I have 2-3 years to find love before I enter the arranged marriage. Nothing wrong with that also. I'm pretty sure I can find someone like you there. But I want better. I'm not sure if I will get it however. Can I find love in 3 years? Well, if I find it in America then that would mean I stay in America forever. That would suck because I don't like it here that much. Great country but I feel socially isolated. And dating in India is extremely difficult. So that just leaves arranged marriage and 2-3 years before that. Can I find love in 2-3 years? I have never had a year where I didn't go on dates before you. I have never had difficulty making female friends. Most of my friends are girls. My success ratio was very good in India. But are there any single people in India who would like to settle down in 2-3 years? I don't know. Probably not. And that's why I am anxious. That anxiety is scaring me away and all this mental gymnastic is turning into one sentence "I will never find love again". Based on what? On fucking nothing. On the odds. But last case, an arranged marriage. If we include all the odds then I think there would be a very high probability for me to not be alone. But will I find love? Again, I don't fucking know and I am getting really scared. 

I'm super jealous of you that you found love. I'm jealous because it feels like someone took all my self-esteem and happiness and gave it to your current boyfriend. I'm jealous because I feel like he is the better person. If I saw him in real life, I'm positive that I will fuck him up. At least by words. But I feel jealous of him. I feel like your boyfriend is perfect and I'm not. And that jealousy is so bad that I cannot even close my eyes. I close my eyes and see you asking him what's up sitting on a stone together with him. I close my eyes and I see a faceless man holding your hand in your college garden. And I feel jealous. 

Lastly, I feel sad. I really loved you N. I wanted to marry you in a year. It was just bad timing and you also know that I don't hate you. I genuinely want you to be happy. I'm not in my senses and I know I have said a lot more than I should have. But I wanted to destroy all hopes. I tried so hard to say fuck you to you. But I couldn't bring myself to say it. But fuck you. You are the best person I have been with but fuck you for leaving me without a call. And I feel sad because I don't know what future has. There is an alternate life story where I marry you and we talk and we love. And I will never get to live that timeline and that makes me sad. We will never ever talk and that makes me super sad you know. I'll miss you N. I'll miss you. You gave me some of the best moments till now, in my life. And I'll always love you for giving me back the love. Fuck you for taking it away. 

Go now. Goodbye.   "
}
{ "author" : "steellightening",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 00:44:19",
"selftext" : "Hi! I was wondering if anyone who has recovered from or has helped someone recover from an opioid/methadone addiction could give me some advice... My wife is currently recovering after rehab, and is on some days struggling with withdrawals. I am more proud of her than words can describe, and I want to help in any way that I can. Unfortunately, I have no idea how to do that. Does anyone have any advice on how I can comfort, encourage, or help her in any other ways?"
}
{ "author" : "Jon213166",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 01:23:49",
"selftext" : "Update to the series of unfortunate events caused by alcohol. 

Sorry in advance for the profanity but seven days...seven fucking days...Holy shit, despite the entire world collapsing around me, the fact  I’ve only eaten once and have only slept a total of 24 hours in the past week, I’m at 7 fucking days...it’s been hell, but here I am... spent the weekend at the hospital with the love of my life, today I walked in, her face lit up and she told me I look good and healthy. That was a lie, sleep deprived and stressed to the max but a week without booze apparently does something. Still think she looked beautiful, no makeup, wearing a hospital gown....love her. She’s doing ok, gonna be a week or two before she gets out, but all good. I start my outpatient rehab Tuesday...we are separately working on getting ourselves better so when this is all said and done we can meet up on the outside healthy and focus on us for the future. 
I held her today in that hospital bed and she told me she’s saved her and that I was her best friend....meant the world to me. Also said that everything happens for a reason.... it sucks but she’s right. Had she not tried to kill herself, right now on this Sunday night, I’d be shitfaced, she’s be buzzed, we’d be fighting while my daughter would be hiding in her room. 

But not tonight. I’m sober, she’s in the hospital and my daughter is at her moms who she despises...not the ideal situation, but the one be that is best.  And after all that? I’m the one in the same place that’s comfortable to me. I caused all this, but yet my kid left and went somewhere she hates and doesn’t feel safe, my girlfriend is trapped in a hospital, and here I am, at home getting to sleep in my own bed while they can’t....not fair. 

Why is it that we, the alcoholics, the one with the problem, why don’t we suffer? Why is it our lives barely change while we destroy everything around us and hurt everyone close?  It’s not fair...
"
}
{ "author" : "webpagenotavailable",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 01:26:20",
"selftext" : "Oddly for me nights seem to be the easiest so far. Every late morning through the early evening it is on and off thinking about how I don’t need this and “Does it really hurt anyone?” (Me duh) thoughts over and over. I can get distracted a bit but it’s painfully irritating.

It seems this is the time where I keep thinking I should be in a rehab just to be forced to break out of that thinking. I know this is normal in the beginning since I have been to rehab before...but I also didn’t feel I had the option to leave. I didn’t know anything about AMA really.

I know it is going to take time for me to feel better and more positive. I just didn’t think sobering up a second time would be harder than the first time. I had a stronger feeling of “I can’t keep doing this shit” and got myself help as a teen. Now it isn’t as intense. I know I feel the guilt and regret when I drink and it makes me HATE drinking...but I want a stronger desire to be sober. I’m just not liking this mental struggle in my head. I do remember being this mad the first week but I feel it’s grown exponentially in comparison. 

I think I need to start finding some time in my day to just have a good cry over this. I’ve been reading the AA book and that has at least let me have a peaceful sleep so far as it clears my head. It seems it reminds me of how good it started feeling to read it and be thankful I was sober and FEEL that I have never left sobriety.

Fuck, Day 2 has been hard. But I’m still sober and will wake up with 0 regrets so there’s a positive."
}
{ "author" : "Lucia-Poop",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 03:41:27",
"selftext" : "Hey everyone, I’ve been lurking here awhile but just tonight finally felt ready to post. It’s been helpful reading everyone’s posts and comments, so thanks. 

I’m struggling a bit tonight because as of yesterday my boyfriend (32 M) and I (31 F) are on a break. We live together so I’m not sure how things will work over the next few weeks. Basically he is an alcoholic- not a violent or abusive one, but it’s clearly going downhill and has very much damaged us. I was in denial about it for much of our relationship (been together about a year and five months now). I don’t have prior close experience with any alcoholics so I think that’s why it took me quite awhile to really figure out the level of the problem and I feel somewhat stupid and ashamed for not realizing sooner/enabling him. When we got together he told me he had been to rehab previously and had been sober for four years, but it was ok for him to only drink beer and wine now instead of liquor. I was slightly concerned but took him at his word. About the first nine months or so of our relationship things were mostly fine with just a few strange incidents. A couple of times he’d be “suddenly drunk” or exhibit sneaky behavior to drink or get high (pot) when he wouldn’t have needed to sneak at all as I’m not opposed to either depending on the circumstances. 

Another big warning sign which I didn’t understand initially is that he was keeping his renewed drinking secret from his family and gradually made me complicit in hiding the secret also. They know he went to rehab and his dad is a big alcoholic too so there are a lot of tricky family dynamics at play. He initially told me he just didn’t want them to worry about him, and by the time I got wise, going behind his back to tell them would have been viewed as a huge breach of trust. 

In September of last year he took on a stressful new job and things began to get a lot worse. He began drinking as soon as he got home from work every day. Maybe not what some would consider an excessive amount (he would fairly rapidly down two large beer cans) but I noticed a big effect on his mood. He would be irritable, depressed, lethargic, morose, anxious. He also started lying to me here and there about his pot and alcohol use. In December I confronted him about this and he denied it to my face, but I still didn’t fully understand that he was an addict so I again gave him the benefit of the doubt. However, I was concerned enough that I began to try to document the amount of drinks he was consuming (at least the ones I knew about).

On New Years Eve he got completely wasted at a chill friend hang out by sneaking off to the kitchen to drink. There was no reason to sneak as he could have been drinking in front of people in the living room. I was furious and embarrassed. Once I got him home and in bed I heard him vomiting and ran in to help him. He was uncoordinated and failing to open a window (he puked some on the drapes and floor). I cleaned things up and had a serious talk with him the next day. Unprompted, he said he would stop drinking. I was hugely hopeful and around this time decided to go ahead with moving in with him (which turned out to be a very dumb move on my part). 

The sobriety lasted a month and then he went back to after work drinking. In this phase he started going out after work with buddies in an effort to not let me know as much I guess. He also started to give me a lot more flack and push back if I questioned him about it. There were quite a few fights and I said I would be ok with him drinking as long as he would tell me up front and be honest about things. I was trying to control things which I now know can make it worse. 

Towards the end of March I again caught him sneakily getting high when I thought we were just having a nice evening at home together. It was so frustrating because if he had mentioned he wanted to do it, I wouldn’t have even told him no! I fully realized then how illogical and compulsive his behavior was. We had a huge fight and I left to stay with a friend for a few nights. He was upset and cold with me when i came back and still denied he had been sneaking around. 

Basically since then things have mostly kept declining with a few good days here and there. He did start going to Smart meetings, and I started going to Al anon. But he was extremely resistant to actually stopping drinking and still claimed he could moderate. He has been more and more irritated, mean, and difficult with me and has continued to lie to me. He had set “goals” for himself and told them to me (ie. to only drink two days a week). But then has still gone out to drink almost every day after work with colleagues. I basically feel like he was just paying me lip service to try to keep me from getting upset. 

He had told me last weekend that he was open to talking about rehab, couples counseling, and therapy for himself and that he wouldn’t drink for the next two weeks as he had an extremely complicated and busy time at work ahead. He held out for a couple of days but was exceptionally grumpy with me. I tried to give him space so I went out to events on Thursday and Friday nights. When I came home Friday he was passed out reeking of alcohol and I heard him coughing and choking on fluid in his sleep. I kept trying to prop his head up but he was really incoherent and barely responsive. I was legitimately worried that he could choke and die.

The next morning he was chipper like nothing had happened. But I had had enough. I was super upset but I said we needed a break and he agreed. It hurts so much bc I think he has more and more been blaming me for the relationship problems and even for his drinking. He is very high functioning at work so I felt like I was the only one addressing what a problem it was. He did text later that day and say he was trying to schedule rehab but I still don’t know if he’s sincere. 

Now i have to figure out how to navigate this break and if I am willing to stick with him if he does go through with rehab. I think he at least now knows that I’m only willing to be with him if he’s sober. I also realized today that with the medication he is on (clonazepam for anxiety) he really shouldn’t be drinking AT ALL as it could lead to an overdose or him stopping breathing. This also explains a bit why he would get so sloppy and uncoordinated after having even a small amount to drink. I’m feeling anxious, heartbroken, unsure of my future, and very concerned about him. We do still love each other. Thanks for your support. 

TLDR: my boyfriend went to rehab once before, and was sober for four years. He was drinking moderately-ish when we got together but has been spiraling down even though he is still high functioning. He has gotten very sneaky and been lying to me. We are now on a break but I’m very worried about him bc of his medication and also bc his dad is an lifelong active alcoholic too and I’m really sad he’s on that path."
}
{ "author" : "beaverflipn1",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 03:49:54",
"selftext" : "Here I am standing in front of you barely one day sober,on the struggle bus.  This is me and I have nothing to hide from you anyomore ( r/stop drinking).  If you are drinking and have a problem you are not alone.  We must come together and come to grips with out addiction.... We do not need to drink, snort or inject.  Our addiction needs us too.  We have to make a difference in our lives hour by hour.  We must find MANY ways to find peace within ourselves to stop.  Find many support systems to stand up... this is not worth it anymore.  I became an alcoholic during my parents divorce, two years of hell... Hiding myself under a water fall of booze.  It washed me daily in the shower of my emotional problems, submerged in their every step of separation.  I have learned so much of how to make a marriage work... I learned from their mistakes...   but I have left myself behind of the wrackage.  I feel I  no family anymore besides my wife, my daughter and my boy due in July.... Alcoholics find a reason to drink ( if the day ends in a y IM DRINKING! ) I am sorry for my family. I am sorry for myself... I don't know where to turn.... Every turn I make there is booze all my friends drink....  I'm scared of rehab but I'm more scared of losing my wife.  It's been so long even after one day I see myself different. Who am i? Will my friends still be around if stop? Will my wife still stand by me? 

Standing scared... 

Standing strong in a room full of darkness.  "
}
{ "author" : "StirofEchoes",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 04:05:47",
"selftext" : "So I'm contemplating whether or not I should go back to my doctor over my shoulder. I had rotator cuff repair a year ago (almost to the day). It's mostly good. I have full movement, and there are some days, more than half the week I'd say, where there's no pain or minimal pain. I did the rehab routine I was given and still do the exercises sometimes to help with pain. But it should be totally healed by now, shouldn't it? At what point should I consider asking my doctor about it?"
}
{ "author" : "benfett83",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 04:23:05",
"selftext" : "I began drinking alcohol at an early age of 14, but the first drink I remember having was a cup of beer my father gave me when I was 5 years old. In High School I started binge drinking with friends. My friends would steal it and their parents would buy it for us. I was drinking then because it was “fun” but what I did not know was this was the start of a horrible addiction I would live with for the rest of my life. 
	I joined the Marine Corps right out of High School at 18 years old and within four months of being in I had older Marines buying me alcohol and we would drink together in the barracks. I was stationed in Virginia at the time and there was a strict zero tolerance policy at my unit for drinking underage. One day I met a guy in the Navy who had a moonshine connection and I started getting it from him. It wasn’t long until someone snitched, and I was NJP’d for it. I lost my rank, had half pay for 2 months, and was put on 2 months of restriction. Despite this punishment, I continued to drink in secret and just got better at hiding it from people. 
After Virginia, I came to 29 Palms, CA for my permanent duty station in 3rd Battalion, 7th Marines. Soon after checking into the unit, I found out we were deploying to Afghanistan in a few short months. I quickly found a group of friends and began binge drinking more than I ever had. The rules were a lot less strict than in Virginia and it was easy to get away with. While I was on deployment, we were given beer for the Marine Corps Birthday which I thought was ironic because they enforce zero tolerance on underage drinking, yet they were giving it to underage Marines knowingly. 
	After I returned from Afghanistan, I started partying harder than ever. I was intoxicated more than I was sober, and I got a fake ID and began going out to clubs and bars. I eventually began doing other drugs like cocaine and LSD. They were very easy to get out in 29 Palms and my friends and I were using them often. I became dependent, primarily on alcohol and couldn’t go a day without it. I had a problem but refused to believe that I was an alcoholic. After all, my good friends were doing the same thing.
	Deployment number 2 rolled around in early 2015 and this time I was headed to Kuwait. With nothing to do in Kuwait, I started buying bottles of Nyquil and other medications and abused them. I also had a friend of mine send me liquor in the mail as alcohol was banned in Kuwait. I remember another friend had his wisdom teeth pulled and was prescribed oxycodone. We drank and snorted those pills and at the same time would inhale cans of aerosol to get q quick high. My life wasn’t going in the direction I had thought it would at all. In fact, I was really depressed, and I was using these drugs to cope.
	It only got worse when I got back from my second deployment. The first weekend back I went to Knotfest, a 2-day concert, and did tons of ecstasy and cocaine at the show. As the months went by, the addictions worsened and so did my depression. Eventually, it started affecting my relationships. I became very turned off from the world and drank to pass out every night. When I found out 3/7 was going to deploy me again I slumped, and then my ex cheated on me and that was the last straw. I was out of control, getting jumped at bars and even got arrested a couple times. I was so depressed and convinced my life was over and there was nothing good for me. One day I got the courage to go into mental health and talk about my depression and anxieties. I was referred to the alcohol abuse rehab and began doing Outpatient Rehab classes.
Even though I began going to AA and the alcohol rehab classes, I was still very depressed and struggling with my sobriety. Eventually my 5-year contract with the Marines was done so I was a free man. After getting out of the Marines I was significantly happier and stopped taking my antidepressants. My mood was better, but my habits had not changed. I was still drinking in excess, and driving while intoxicated, however, I quit doing the hard drugs. I got rolled up again in October of 2017 this time for a DUI and have been sober ever since. Once I had hit rock bottom my mindset changed. I didn’t want anything to do with alcohol or drugs. From the $20,000 in court and lawyer fines and fees, injuries and health problems I’ve faced, and depression and anxiety alcohol has caused me I’m done with it for good. I am now 7 months sober and happier than ever, and I plan to stay sober for good. 
"
}
{ "author" : "TaylorTheSavior",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 05:33:12",
"selftext" : "So, over the last 4 years me and my family have struggled with my sister who is a drug addict. She's been using heroin, and meth. She used to more heavily be into heroin, but is now more so into meth. Over the last 4 years I had moved out of my parents house due to the anxiety, and negativity my sister brings into my life. I moved out because I was tired of her stressing out my parents which in turned...stressed me out to no end. At one point, my parents couldn't take her on anymore and so they wanted me to move back into my parents house to basically, "help out", with trying to look after her. 


I've gotten to the point now where I just don't care anymore. My sister has been in and out of rehab. Every time she's clean, gets a job, and a month later no-call-no-shows and just goes back to being a jobless leech on my parents. I've tried to really hard not to, but I hate her. She treats my parents like shit who have nothing else to turn to and shell out thousands of dollars every month to cover my sister's legal fees, attorney fees, everything. I feel so bad for them because they just can't let her go and hit rock bottom. 


Most recently. My parents went to Cancun, Mexico this weekend on vacation and left me and my sister home to kind of watch over things until they get back. Turns out, my sister ended up driving to another state to hang out with some guy who is probably a drug addict. I assume this because she lied to me and said she was going to stay at a friend's house that night and ended up staying over because she had had a couple drinks. She ended up stayed with my grandparents who, of course, told my parents that it was unusual for her to just show up at their house unannounced a state away. Now they're stressed out and in a different country on vacation. In anger, I sent her a long and drawn out text telling her how much I really hate the way she makes everybody in this family feel and that I had given up on her. Told her that she'll always just be a shitty, jobless, drug addict, loser. To which she didn't respond, of course.


How do I get over this? How do I stop hating my sister for the never ending amounts of stress she puts on my family and me? I don't know what else to do. I'm sorry if this entire thread feels jumbled and all over the place. I'm still coming down from my anger and just needed some advice on what to do."
}
{ "author" : "Kumquat_conniption",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 06:12:00",
"selftext" : "Sorry this is super long! I tried to cut some stufff out but that didn't work well so there is a short TLDR. Anyway, so I quit about 3 years ago using a vaporizer. Easy peasy with that thing. Then I stopped that too. Was finally so glad to be done with it. My boyfriend was right along with me in all this. 

Well, about 6 months ago he picked it up again and along I followed not so long after! We were in a VERY stressful situation and both resorted to that (not saying that it's a good way to handle stress!) But now I am wanting to be done with it, actually *needing* to be. I have a sickness that is as of yet undiagnosed for sure, but I do have doctors treating it. And the smoking, or ANY nicotine, exacerbates it badly. So I have really noticed just how much sicker the smoking makes me recently when I was somewhere for a week where I barely smoked. I felt so much better. It was great and I was in much less pain and vertigo was immensely improved among other positive health effects.

Came home to my smoking boyfriend and slipped back to the same level of smoking as before. After a couple of days smoking I felt awful. That was my impetus to quit, but about 14 hours into it I was not sleeping at all and I smoked almost an entire one. And then after dinner tonight I split one with my bf. So yep, failed twice already..

It is so hard to quit (for me anyway) without being able to do any nicotine replacement therapy (and can't take any medications since I am on so many others that interact) and also always having the cigs right next to me. Normally this is when I would ask my bf to stop the smoking as well but he just got out of rehab recently (explains the stress a bit, eh?) and quit a lot of drugs that he had picked up in the last 6 months, fentanyl being the worst and the most one used. I am so proud of him, choosing to get help and sticking to it, doing what he has to do to stay off (going to therapy, meetings and such.) I feel like at this point in his sobriety (excepting his nicotine and huge caffeine addiction) it would just be asking too much. 

So, I just have to have a bit more willpower. Any tips from those that quit when the cigs were right there all the time? I am on disability because of the health problems, and he is home most of the time, working as a fireman one day (24 hours) on and then 3 days off. So we are together pretty much 24/7. I know I have it in me to do this. But failing so early on was discouraging. I came on here to hold myself more accountable and want to update everyday that I did not fail (even though I know it will not be getting read, but just for myself.) Love reading the success stories, makes it seem not impossible! Thanks in advance for any tips, encouragement, or advice. 

**TLDR-** I have to quit smoking without any nicotine replacement therapy or any medications and have cigs next to me basically always. Any advice on how to resist? 

**EDIT-** Holy Cow! I knew I wrote a lot but did not realize how much until I hit that save button. Sorry to anyone who reads that all! :)))

**Progress.. I smoked almost a whole cig tonight. Whie yes, this is progress from where I was at before, I want to QUIT for good, so no, it is not really progress. I have as of yet not even done 24 hours. But tomorrow is a new day. I think tomorrow IS the day!! no, Iam going to say I KNOW tmrw is THE DAY!! I will not have one. "
}
{ "author" : "LaCroixNinjaButt",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 08:05:46",
"selftext" : "I need advice. I have been in and out of AA over the past few years. Current sober time is 48 days. I have a sponsor and am working the steps.  

My living situation, due to my drinking, is that I am currently in rehab, at the recommendation of others who know me.  

My sponsor seems to think rehab is bullshit, and makes this known to me, often. I was explaining to him about triggers and he explained to me, "triggers, that sounds like some rehab bullshit". I find this pretty inconsiderate and toxic, considering my situation.  

I personally think this his personality shining through, however he also has me smashing through my 4th step right now, while I'm in rehab. And I just started to realize, that perhaps, this close to 1000 dollar a day rehab, I probably should be focusing on the content and work they have me doing.  

I'm concerned I will adopt this toxic attitude that my sponsor has.  

I am going to obviously add this resentment to my resentment list.  

Any suggestions? "
}
{ "author" : "thisaguyok",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 09:19:08",
"selftext" : "About 5-1/2 months ago mom was getting evicted from her apartment due to drinking so I went and moved her 4 hours away to live with me. She would have been out on the street or maybe given a 15th chance by her toxic codependent boyfriend who sent her checks by mail and saw her once a week.

I dont want to get into why I moved her in, other than I believed she might drink herself to death or be out on the street. Shes an amazingly loving and vibrant person when shes not drunk. The reality is that she lives here. If you have an opinion on that please save it for another time.

She got cleaned up, going to meetings (refused to get a sponsor even though she signed a paper saying she would) and I really had high hopes. She finally got a perfect job down here even! Its been emotional rollercoaster, up and down, but slow progress. Until today.

As you could guess, here we are at 2:00 on monday morning and shes been drinking all day and my girlfriend and I are wide awake. We cant sleep because she is talking on the phone so loudly from the next room. It is so sad and pathetic. 

I thought I could give her the key, as I am 8 years sober in AA and have found an incredibly strong support group here.

If this keeps going on I have to kick her out. Ive literally bent over backwards trying to help her for one last time. I think I’ve prepared myself mentally that this would be her last chance, and I would have to kick her out if she drank. We’ve literally tried everything. I’ve dealt with this on and off my whole life.

Has someone had experience with this kicking out a family member? What did the process look like?

My life is just getting started and its so exhausting trying to get started in this world with this negativity and insanity. Sorry if I rambled, gonna try to get some rest.

tl/dr: moved mom halfway across the state to clean up at our house...5 months later and shes drinking again, keeping me up at night. living on 1000$/month social security.

UPDATE:

Came home from work monday and mom was passed out in her car and might have taken pills, saying she wants to die, so we had to take her to ER. My girlfriend was so loving I cant even begin to thank her enough. She had to get a pschiatric screening so we didnt leave ER til 4:00 am. 

She slept all day tuesday and i made plans for her options, i was very detailed about when she would need to be out whether it was rehab, sober living, or the street and gave her multiple points of contact for each option. I had the sober living ready to go with a room and first months rent.

Came home from work today and she lost her fucking mind. Throwing shit, verbal abuse, screaming at the top of her lungs at my girlfriend. Cops came and The obky way i can get her out is formal eviction. Quite a fucking bummer. 
"
}
{ "author" : "yungkunt",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 11:03:12",
"selftext" : "
To start March off, I was diagnosed with Crohn's disease, which gives me major pains in my stomach and drastically affects my eating habits. Its a disease that I will have for the rest of my life. Was put on steroids for 6 weeks (which gave me major mood swings of which the lows were crippling). Currently taking 7 pills a day to avoid pain. 

The following week, one of my best friends lost his life to Heroin addiction. He got sent carfentanil over the Dark Net instead of Heroin and died almost immediately. This absolutely shocked the people around him as he had been lying to us, saying that he was sober. We had previously staged an intervention and sent him to rehab. Really disappointed because we all thought it worked. Carrying him out of the church and putting him in the hearse at the funeral was easily the hardest thing I've had to do. Still very shaken about him being gone forever.

At the start of April, my girlfriend of one year (my first real love) decided to break up with me. She told me that I had done nothing wrong, but it was all too much for her and that she still loved me. "Apparently" the last thing she wants right now is a relationship. This really fucked me up as I never took the break up seriously until recently and constantly messaged her in a terrible state (usually when high). Ive now blocked her on everything, so I wont be tempted to talk to her. Still no where near over her, recently got sent a screenshot of her on tinder which sent me into a panic attack. The best thing I ever had in my life was this relationship. Im so conflicted and upset, I feel like Im never going to get over it. 

Also, I currently am swamped with University work, since I opted to jig class, stay home and smoke, drink or take a benzo for the last month. Also am currently dealing with a court case to review my driver license suspension. If i get suspended, I will almost certainly lose one of my jobs and I will lose $1k, for every fortnight I am away from my other job.

I feel like too much is going on in my head right now, every thought is negative and my anxiety/paranoia has gone from manageable to really really bad. I just want life to be back the way it was before all of this happened. I'm just numbed now. There is no light. I just want everything to stop. 

The thought of going on scares me. I think i'm definately going to end up addicted to Xanax or Valium, only if I don't kill myself.."
}
{ "author" : "bad_toe_tattooes",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 11:12:20",
"selftext" : "Like the title says, I’ve lurked here forever. I’ve spent hours reading your stories. I’m finally seriously committed to getting sober. 

I’ve been drinking regularly for 15 years. Pretty heavily for about 10 years or so. I was 30 when I started drinking 2 bottles of wine a night. I’d go out with girlfriends and could put back 12 cocktails without a problem. And then drive home. 

I’ve been in 2 hit and run accidents. One where I clipped a guys back fender (he took off too, it was a Friday night so probably drunk as well) and the other was when I barely tapped the rear end of the person in front of me. I am deeply ashamed and can’t believe I didn’t go to jail. 

Here I am, at 39, finally serious about getting sober and I AM SO SCARED. The longest I’ve gone without drinking in the past 3 years was 17 days. In the past 1.5 years I switched from my big bottle of wine, to finishing a box in 2 days, to hard alcohol. McCormick vodka to be exact. Yeah the good stuff. /s

In January, things really started going south. I was getting blackout drunk regularly. I had started getting violent with my boyfriend in the months prior. End of January, boyfriend comes home and I’m passed out. The next thing I know,  I am grabbing him by the hair and trying to wrestle him into the bathtub. He was able to restrain me after a pretty long struggle. Long story short, things got quite ugly. He went to jail. I didn’t. But I should have as well. I later found out that I had punched him in the face multiple times. His mugshot shows his face is all bruised and bloody. It was a low time for us. 

He’s since quit drinking with no issues. I continued to hide my drinking. I’d go to work drunk and get sent home. Many times. I no call/no showed a total of 15 times this year alone and they still let me stay. It was the best job I’ve ever had. I’d found my tribe. They knew I have a problem. One month ago, after a day and night of drinking a couple pints of vodka, I went in and told my boss that I had to quit. Right then and there. It was a stupid impulsive thing. But I just couldn’t do my job anymore because I was always drunk. In my drunken stupor, I had decided that I was going to move an hour away to a relatives house in the country and get my head on straight. 

You know what I did instead? I went on a bender. I had some “lighter” drinking days here and there. But I’ve been mostly drunk or passed out since the beginning of April. The past 2 weeks I’ve been in the darkest place I’ve ever been. I quit showering. Eating. I couldn’t leave the house. Just sat on my couch drinking my vodka and shoving the empty bottles under the couch, walking to the store to get more. Repeat. Repeat. 

I called my ex husband to take me to the ER to detox. I blew a .27 and begged them to help me. They sent me home. A few days later, I went to the rehab down the road. THEY sent me home! I spent a few more days on my couch. I called the suicide hotline. I called around in circles to different treatment places. No one could help me. 

Luckily I have an Rx for Valium. So I packed up and went to stay with my mom for a few days. I couldn’t stand to be alone. I knew I would continue drinking. I knew something bad was going to happen. I spent 3 days there and should have stayed longer but I just wanted to be home. To go to meetings (mom lives in the sticks, no close meetings). I was already going to them before, unfortunately while drunk still. 

I’m sorry if this is all over the place. I’m sorry if I’ve said anything inappropriate. I am just so anxious. I’ve hardly slept. I’m excited to actually do this and work the steps. I’m terrified to actually BE with myself. I’ve always been a very anxious person AND I have horrible tinnitus, both of these things I have masked with alcohol for years. And now I have to deal with it. And it’s driving me crazy. It’s so tempting to just go buy a bottle but then it’ll just put me back at square 1. Every little pain or weird thing my body does I’m going “oh no I’m dying” 

There’s no real point to this post. I’m sure I can go on and on and on. I’m just happy that I finally got the gut to post, to show up to some meetings, to actually open up and read some chapters in the Big Book, and to reach out to strangers who have been where I am for support. I know AA isn’t for everyone, but it’s the route I’m taking. I feel like I’ve just gotten on a roller coaster that’s starting to climb the first hill so there’s no way to change my mind and get off.  Here we go. 

If you’ve read this far thank you. I absolutely will not drink with you today. 
"
}
{ "author" : "caped_baldyy",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 16:53:23",
"selftext" : "[NEW UPDATE] 
23 y/o male with very little physical activity. 172 cm and weighs around 162 lbs. Not smoking and drinks alcohol rarely. I have been complaining about a chronic pain in my upper back, just a little right to my spine. It triggers when I sit down and it usually numbs a little when I walk. I get relief from lying straight in my bed. I have already seen an orthopedic doctor and diagnosed it as myofacial pain syndrome, something I have already been diagnosed with before in my right shoulder. He prescribed me to take some painkillers and muscle relaxants for 2 weeks. He also suggested me to go see a neurologist since I exhibit hyperreflexia.

I immediately saw a neurologist and he asked me some questions thay may indicate nerve damage, something I was not prepared for. Since I was very unsure in answering his questions, he advised me instead to get a cervical spine xray and to finish the previously prescribed medication first. He mentioned something about ‘upper motor neuron disorder’ and I immediately searched the term and got worried that I might be exhibiting some of its symptoms. I came back after 2 weeks with a normal xray result and told him that the medication provided little to no improvement to my pain. He then proceeded to prescribe me Polynerv and Baclofen for 1 month and asked me to come back after finishing the medication.

I came back last week and told him that there’s still little to no improvement from taking the medication. I aslo told him there have been some recurring pain in specific points in the left side of my neck and my right arm. He told me that it goes hand in hand with my back pain. He referred me to a rehab doctor for physical therapy and prescribed another 2 months worth of Polynerv and Baclofen. At this point I’m hesitating to buy all of his prescription since medicine is quite expensive for me. My current company doesn’t provide a health card and the way our health insurance works is through reimbursements, which takes months to get processed and not everything get approved for reimbursement.

At this point, should I seek a second opinion of another neurologist? Or should I first go see the rehab doctor he referred me to? I’m not in a grave or critical condition right now but I’m quite worried that there might be some issues with my body that’s not being addressed by my doctor. Thanks in advance for the advice.

[UPDATE] Tried to schedule an appointment to the rehab as referred by my neuro but the earliest would be in May 21, I honestly can’t wait that long so I’ve decides to seek a second opinion instead. Went to another neuro and showed her all my prescriptions and c-spine xray results. Apparently, my c-spine is not normal, contrary to the results printed by the first hospital, and she requested me to have an MRI since I might have cervical radiculopathy. She also told me to forget everything about upper motor neuron syndrome and assured me I have none. Hoping everything goes well since it has been really costly for me.

[NEW UPDATE]
I have already given the MRI results to my doctor and she confirmed the suspicions that there is a slight herniation in my spine. She advised me to seek rehab and help myself get a stronger back through working out. All in all, there’s nothing severe about my condition and the consultation with my doctor gave me the peace of mind I needed.  Thanks a lot guys for your insights and assurance that this is nothing serious. Hope everything works well!"
}
{ "author" : "CuteLilClosetDrunk",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 17:32:33",
"selftext" : "I [37F] drink a lot according to the internet. I never considered myself to have a drinking problem because it isn’t a problem. I go to work (very stressful job), have a family, etc. but apparently I have a high tolerance, drink about 15-20 units a day and I’m not even drunk (which is why I say I don’t have a problem). I don’t drive under the influence but I plan my day around it. Recently someone pointed out after I drank two 1 litre bottles of wine that I must be loaded but I was fine... which was kind of embarrassing. I though hm... they might be onto something so I haven’t  drank for the last few days but I feel like complete crap. My arms are really weak, I can barely text on my phone which seems to be a symptom of alcoholism. Is there a form of alcoholism where it’s really “easy” to quit like this? Besides the physical symptoms which really suck right now, I don’t really feel I have a problem? I’ve thought of having one or two drinks to lessen the symptoms but that makes me feel I’d be more passable as an alcoholic telling myself there isn’t a problem and just keep drinking. I thought about going to a rehab but it feels like I should be able to manage this on my own since the addiction seems to be only physical. Any thoughts on this would be appreciated. "
}
{ "author" : "Zoramae",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 20:07:48",
"selftext" : "Hello,

Possible trigger warning: talk of cravings and weight loss. 

I had anorexia then bulimia and binge eating from when I was 18-19.5. I went to rehab and recovered. I’m 24 now. Even though I’m physically better I never lost my eating disorder brain/ way of thinking. I have also had depression and anxiety for 14 years. 

I have a weight number that I feel really upset if I go over. I’ve only been over that number once. For the past 5 months or so I’ve been binging on twizzlers. 2 family size packs a week. I went shopping for dress pants for work and the lady told me that “no she was the size I said and I had gone up a dress size”. I was crushed. I had a feeling I was getting fat but this was the tipping point. I need to lose weight now! Twizzlers are my favorite snack and I only gave them up when I was at my lowest. 

Now I want to lose weight, but I’m terrified. I have obsessive thoughts about food constantly and my biggest fear is being fat. I can also be an emotional eater. I have a good support system of friends and therapist. But how do I lose weight without overdoing it? I want to lose weight so badly but I never want to be hospitalized again. I’m so afraid. But I can’t even look at myself in the mirror now without thinking I’m a humongous cow. I also crave twizzlers so badly and I always end up giving in. My cravings keep me up at night. Help. "
}
{ "author" : "twoplustw0equalsfive",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 20:10:12",
"selftext" : "My dad has been sober for about 5 years. He was a functional alcoholic my whole life but still managed to be a really great dad. It got really bad when I left for college (I'm his youngest and only daughter). He tried to quit cold turkey by going to meetings alone, and it worked for a year until he relapsed, got a DUI, spent the night in prison and then went to rehab for a month.

We've had a tough year. His only remaining parent died in February, who was a huge part of my dad's life. I just found out from my mom that he may have been drinking for months at this point, but she didn't want to tell any of us to not worry us.

I called my dad on it, and he actually admitted to me that he has been drinking, but that it's under control and it's just a minor setback. I could tell the entire time I was talking to him that it was the addict talking and not my dad bc he has a certain way of speaking when he's like that.

I called my two uncles who have been a great support system and have combined something like 30+ years sober. They're working on confronting him in a way that doesn't make life more miserable for my mom, who he's incredibly angry at right now for telling me.

My question is what do I do now? I don't want to cut him off because I feel like he needs support right now, but I also don't want to make it seem like I'm at all ok with the fact that he's drinking. I also don't want to sit around and wait until he gets another DUI or kills himself or someone else. I also do not want to speak to him when he's drunk. I feel pretty numb to the situation honestly and am just annoyed that I have to go through this a third time. Any advice would be super helpful, thanks in advance."
}
{ "author" : "gourmando12345",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 20:26:53",
"selftext" : "It's been almost a year, \(well, eleven months\) since I said, "I can't take this anymore" and sought out al\-Anon and this online group.  I wanted to thank you guys \(and the folks in local al\-Anon\) for helping me through that difficult time.  

The capsule version of my story is basically this:  My fiancee was my qualifier.  She had a problem with alcohol that crept up slowly and affected our relationship, pulling me near to my breaking point last summer.  I started talking to friends and family about the issue in early 2017, and I started seeking help \(the program and here online\) in late June/early July.  Things were pretty rough.  I spent most of last summer offering my qualifier one last chance at getting on the path to sobriety \-\- whether it was through meetings, detox, rehab, whatever.  

That summer she made what were, in retrospect, half\-hearted efforts to get away from the bottle, mainly because she thought if she did just enough, she would satisfy me.  I figured out she was making half\-hearted efforts, and then I called off our marriage six days before the wedding day. 

Once away from me, she was able to freely indulge in alcohol, and then it finally dawned on her she had a problem when she realized she had physical addiction.  About three or four months after our split, I drove her to rehab and wished her luck.  

Looking back, she drank partly because she and I were never reached accord on some of the issues in our relationship, and she couldn't really directly face them. She said the alcohol helped her numb the pain.  I wonder why, if she was that unhappy, she couldn't just break up with me rather than turn to the bottle.  

I've been going to therapy myself both to get past the breakup and to figure things out.  My qualifier completely owns her drinking.  But I have to own some of the other issues our relationship had, for better or for worse, and I have to figure out what about myself needs to change \-\- and ensure I never end up in that kind of codependent relationship again.  I think she's having some issues living on her own, but they are her issues, not mine.  She blames me for most of what went wrong in our relationship and thinks I should not have ended things.  She's entitled to her opinion.  But I don't have to listen to it.  

And at this point, it's her life.  My qualifier and I are no longer on speaking terms.  While I can't say I'm the happiest I have ever been, I am nevertheless happier than I have been in a long time.  

If I'm honest, I haven't been to an Alanon meeting in about seven months.  And I'm not sure the entire program is for me.  But, **I would not be where I am today \-\- happier and healthier \-\- if I had not reached out to al\-Anon in the first place.**  The other people in my local Al\-Anon meetings and I shared a similar approach.  For the most part, we were professionals of one sort or the other \-\- medical professionals, finance professionals, legal professionals \-\- who earned our money by fixing other people's problems.  And those who weren't were always the steady, reliable rocks in their family \-\- the one everyone depended on.  I think all of us had encountered frustration and unhappiness because we couldn't fix our qualifiers' substance abuse the way we fixed everything else.   **Al\-Anon was vital to unlearning that "fixing" wouldn't work** \-\- that some problems in life can't be cajoled, argued, or counseled into quiescence.  And most importantly, I learne**d that even if I couldn't "fix" my qualifier, I could "fix" myself and my sit**uation.  Which I did.  And talking to other members gave me the strength to end things with my qualifier, even knowing that in many tellings, I would be the villain of the story.  

I guess I'm posting here for a couple reasons.  Partly gratitude \-\- for helping me through a difficult point in my life.  But also because I want people with alcoholic SOs \-\- a boyfriend or girlfriend, a fiance or fiancee, a husband or a wife \-\- to know the world will not end if you part ways with your qualifier.  You may feel like shit for a while.  It's not going to be easy.  But there is another side of this mountain.  After difficulty, you can find yourself in a better place.  Maybe not a place of complete happiness.  But a place where you are better off than you were and, most importantly, if you set your boundaries, you can find yourself again.  "
}
{ "author" : "YuriMakerOfTheForge",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 22:04:07",
"selftext" : "Hey guys- this seems like a really supportive subreddit.

A little bit about me:

I've been sober from opiates for about eight months. I can't lie though- I really miss them but I don't miss being dopesick and wasting a ton of money every week. It's hard staying clean from them but I coast hopped (moved from the east coast of the US to the west coast) to get away. They're really not as easily accessible here as they are out there so that's made everything a lot easier.

I have clinically diagnosed depression and obsessive compulsive disorder so quitting anything that I do habitually is REALLY hard for me to do. Like my world gets turned upside down if my routine is somewhat altered. It's hard for me to adjust to new schedules and whatnot but I've been getting better about it the older I get.

I drink too much- like a little more than a pint of vodka every evening. My body is so used to recovering from hangovers at this point that I don't notice them unless I don't eat or drink at least a glass of water. I still feel shitty, fatigued and like I have a headache but they're not as bad as they could be for somebody who doesn't really drink often.

I really want to quit because I know how bad it is for me and that I'm just destroying my liver but I'm not confident in my ability to change my routine and stick to it. Especially since alcohol is readily available a five minute walk from my apartment.

I smoke weed too but I don't feel like I'm as reliant upon it as I am alcohol. I also kind of fear that without alcohol, I might begin to abuse marijuana.

But, the thing I'm most afraid of when it comes to quitting drinking is not being able to sleep. I can't remember the last time I fell asleep sober.

I really want to take the first steps towards quitting but I don't know where to start or what might be helpful for me to do.

I don't really like programs like NA or AA. In my experience, including rehab, these groups tend to focus a lot on religion and I fall in the category of agnostic nihilist so I don't find them helpful. They also often times make me want to use/consume more when I listen to people talk about it.

Any help or advice somebody can give me that you've found practical and effective would be very much appreciated.

Thank you everybody!"
}
{ "author" : "gnarlycharley22",
"date" : "05/07/2018, 23:47:38",
"selftext" : "So I made it two weeks. That in itself feels pretty cool. I managed to barely hold onto job, due to pretty understanding boss, Im still on. I Shoulda been fired multiple times the shit I pulled.

That last month long whiskey bender almost buried me. I started fucking with glass toward the end just to stay up longer to keep drinking. It was a nightmare. Burned through two Gs, wrecked a truck, hospital three times in a week. It was so bad I needed to go in to hospital just to get IV fluids and a direct flow of benzos to calm me the fuck down. I ripped out the IV out and my high blood pressure made me spray blood all over the hospital floor, as Im frantically searching for the exit. Nurses flipping out and I keep telling them I have to go to work. I leave, grab some Jamison and hitchhike to work, late as fuck drunk and high on benzos. Talk about barely holding on, it was a straight up nightmare.

Went to rehab three weeks ago, ended up checking myself out second day after I got some librium doses. Quit the whiskey, determined to wean myself off and save my job. Its all I had between me and the streets again. 

Now I wouldn't recommend this, but I weaned myself off over the course of a week with beer and kratom. From a six pack a day. To four, then on my final night of drinking I was so fucking tired of prolonging the nightmare I slammed my last beer in an AA bathroom. Never again I told myself, and I stopped the kratom too.

First week was a nightmare. No sleep. No SLEEP, for four or five days straight. Demons, voices at night, straight up soul crushing remorse and fear and depression and worry. It felt like meth towards the fifth day of quitting alcohol due to sleep deprivation. I was cooked. 

Finally slept. Relief. Amazing feeling that next day but short lived.

Week two consisted mainly of ups and downs, severe paranoia and suspecting people around me, and at work of ill intentions. I caused a few waves from that but thank god my boss, and for the most part, my co workers, are cool and know what Im going through. Can't use that as crutch forever though. 

I am just starting week three and dont know what to expect. I am praying, PRAYING I start to find some real recovery soon and feel normal, whatever the fuck that even is. I am 29 and have been drinking since I was 13. So it will probably take some time.

But if I can get through that worst part. Fuck, any of you can. Hope to be of help here, and gain insight from yall further down the road. 

Thank you for reading.
"
}
{ "author" : "globalmozaic",
"date" : "05/08/2018, 03:32:41",
"selftext" : "I had a brief pink cloud in rehab and immediately afterwards. Now, I am barely holding on to my sobriety... I feel my heart racing at the site of liquor stores. I am insanely jealous of people drinking on TV... even if they are embarrassing themselves. I STILL feel like my life is forever doomed to never ending boredom. All this leads to that classic alcoholic thought  - was I THAT bad? And then I think that maybe I was not. Then again, my memory is playing tricks on me ... it’s like I literally cannot remember why I made this big fuss about my drinking! I was fun, social, liked. I wasn’t messy white-girl-wasted vomiting at bars. I kept it cool. The problem was that I drank every day. A lot. Like a half a fifth to a fifth daily, which gave me withdrawal. BUT I never got to hate booze. I remember wanting to want sobriety... but not really actually wanting to stop. I STILL don’t wanna be sober. I just wish I wanted it because I know rationally that is the right thing. This is so freaking hard!! All I want to do is get a bottle and feel like myself again. But why still?? I should be pissing sunshine by now right?? Is there any hope? And no, AA meetings are not helpful. The crowds are much older here and I am not the most comfortable around new people."
}
{ "author" : "SLP2013",
"date" : "05/08/2018, 03:58:51",
"selftext" : "Veteran SLPs... what do you think has helped you avoid burnout ? 

I have worked with burned out clinicians of all disciplines and I am determined to avoid getting to “that point” as much as possible... however, 5 years in and I have to say I’m starting to feel the slow creep of burnout. I’m not as excited as I once was, the tough behaviors get to me much more, I’m not as optimistic about client progress/ am generally more jaded than I used to be. That being said I am still relatively engaged and generally ( most days) love my job, co workers, patients, and schedule.  I don’t feel that my job is overly stressful or that I’m underpaid, and paperwork is manageable. It’s really just the day to day dealing with patients/ behaviors, and often repetitious treatment tasks ( because that’s what the patient needs).  And yes, they need consistency and trials so changing activities all the time would benefit me and not necessarily them in the cases I’m thinking about. The thing is, that stuff never bothered me until this year (4-5 years practicing ) . 

I have read that the following can help: variety of clients/ types of cases , mentoring new clinicians, PRNing in a different setting, taking vacations, feeling community with other clinicians, lots of interesting CEU’s, specialize in 1-2 things, stress management/ yoga- I do all of it! 

So seasoned SLPs... what’s your secret for remaining passionate and energized by this awesome field after 5+ years?! What has helped you the most? 

If it’s relevant I work in a private clinic and PRN in acute rehab.  "
}
{ "author" : "afreshslate12",
"date" : "05/08/2018, 04:20:19",
"selftext" : "This is going to sound crazy. I know it is. But I hope, that this little post here can reach ANYONE out there.. That feels the way I do about this. I would love to PM you personally and become friends with you, hopefully someone that has the same plan as me.

I am 16 years old.. Almost 17 (In a month). My ENTIRE life up to this point has been a mistake. I was taken away from my parents from a young age (14) and have been mistreated all my life. I've been on both ends of the spectrum, the victim and the criminal. I've committed crimes that I SHOULD BE sitting in a jail cell for now but I got away with it GOD knows how. 

I should give some backstory.. I've always wanted to be famous.. Since I was a little kid I was dreaming of ways to get famous, I would practice forms of media and build online fan bases to get famous but.. Even when I accomplished moderate online fame, I wasn't happy. There was a hole that just wouldn't close... It took me until very recently to realize.. 

It doesn't matter how famous you are or how famous you get. Even the most famous celebrities will someday be ancient history that nobody remembers . The only people that will remember you are the ones you treat with kindness and respect, the ones you offer justice. I grew up on movies like Kick-Ass and Spider-Man and when I watched those, something just seemed right about it, those movies were art. 

Last week it clicked.. I've failed at every single thing I've ever done, any projects i'd EVER attempt would fail, then I thought about how the crimes i've committed (Felony Assault, Sexual Assault and more on my rap sheet unfortunately due to how my old brain thought) I got out of the consequences of those by an INCH. I've even survived normally fatal circumstances by an inch (Got hit by cars multiple times, survived by an inch)

SO, it means that i'm not supposed to be trying to impress anyone or get famous. I've been put here on this earth for a reason. To protect others and offer further support to those that need it. I'm not talking about murdering people you think are criminals, I'm talking about stopping crime dead in it's tracks. 

I've ALWAYS been good at intimidation, I can get anyone to do anything with little to no kick back. I'm extremely crafty, smart and think I have what it takes to be the next Phoenix Jones. But I can't do it alone, even if i'm not by somebodies side in real life doing this, if ANYONE out there of ANY age is planning on doing this SOON, maybe we can make this step together. 

Until then, i'll be waiting. And to respond to an expected question, no i'm not crazy. I've been to many different therapists and that's when I realized that only crazy people need those, and I left. 

Please don't judge me, you don't know what it's like to have been me. I just want to be remembered for stopping an old lady from getting raped on the street at 4 AM, I just want to be that guy that kids look up to and want to be because I saved their family members life. 

As somebody who has had 911 and the police fail them many times, I would have certainly liked a hero. Why should we label those that just want to help as crazy? 

Lastly I should mention I only want serious replies, I don't have time for sarcasm or jokes right now, i'm trying to talk to adults here. "
}
{ "author" : "illustriousCod",
"date" : "05/08/2018, 04:53:33",
"selftext" : "I have a question that has been bothering me for a while and was hoping an addict or recovering addict might help answer it. 

So my brother is an alcoholic/drug user (heroin, methadone, crack, codine coke etc)...Though bad in itself, the thing that really killed all empathy I had for him was the physical and emotional violence he has committed. The Story...  two years ago he suckered a rich but naive (and emotionally vulnerable) woman into marrying him (he shortly-after stopped w0rking citing anxiety and depression issues and leeched off her full-time). Weeks before the wedding he even admitted that he didn’t love her, said she was dumb and boring, but felt that “God” wanted them to marry (he is super religious)

Long story short, she divorced him last month- during the proceedings it came out that he beat her quite a few times, tried to strangle her with such violence that he fractured bones in her neck, and abused her emotionally as well... He also did disgusting things to “punish” her when she didn’t act the way he wanted her to... For instance, when she once accidentally called him by her ex-husband’s name, he called a prostitute in front of her and lined up a sexual liaison for himself because she was a "bad wife" that "clearly still wanted to sleep with her ex". 

He would also keep her prisoner in their bedroom and she had to ask his permission “as the god appointed head of the household” to make food for her kids...I mean everything we heard is just really vile and shitty stuff.
When my mother found out about all this she just broke down... She is refusing to accept that this is her baby boy (42-years old!) and is blaming all of his behavior on drugs and alcohol. 



I want to know if this is true in any-one’s experience? Personally I also had a history with drugs before getting clean some years ago, I could never, ever, have treated anyone this way while high.It is literally unthinkable to me...

 I think my brother is a truly dangerous person -and that his behavior cannot be blamed on drugs. Does anyone have a contrary opinion?

Can drugs/alcohol make anyone act completely out of character to this extent. 

(PS he was not high/drunk during some of these incidents –notably the emotional abuse incidents)

EDIT: The Reason I'm asking is because my mother is considering taking him in after he comes out of rehab. It is probably his 10th time in rehab &amp; my mom (73) is pretty frail and a pensioner on a fixed income. I am scarred my brother's behaviour indicates something far darker than just addiction issues and think this is a very bad idea...especially if my mother is blind to his "real" issues and thus unable to protect herself emotionally (and physically even)"
}
{ "author" : "notdrunklescott",
"date" : "05/08/2018, 05:28:02",
"selftext" : "A friend of a friend once told me "I heard you can't drink anymore. How depressing. I can't imagine going one day without drinking." I didn't want to act all holier than thou and tell her "that's alcoholic thinking", but, well, that's alcoholic thinking. I see it on reality TV shows all the time. Not naming any show or network, but one day one of the girls left a bottle of vodka in the shower in case she wanted a drink while showering. On another show, one of the girls was so drunk she sat on her roommate's bed and peed. She said didn't remember doing it. Yep, blackout drunk. And there are so many bar fights, bad experiences and other alcohol related incidents on so many reality TV shows that totally mirror user experiences here at r/stopdrinking that I can only shake my head and say "yep, alcoholics in the making showing all their fans how it's done." At least one guy on one show who was notorious for getting in trouble has cleaned up his act and openly admits his sobriety. Imagine a reality show where they take 8 party animals who have gone too far, and followed them through a summer of detox/rehab and avoiding situations where alcohol would do them in. Sadly, I don't think it would get good ratings."
}
{ "author" : "goatsheadsoup22",
"date" : "05/08/2018, 09:59:41",
"selftext" : "Three years ago, I went to treatment for the last time. I was so broken in so many ways. The alcohol I was drinking and the heroin and crack I was shooting weren't numbing the pain I had inside anymore.

It wasn't masking the grief, the disappointment, the emptiness anymore.

About a week and a half prior to my last treatment, I called my parents and asked them to drive me 3.5 hours to this facility. My parents always loved me and supported me, but knew that forced treatment would never work. I packed my bag and got high in the back of the car the whole way there.

This time in treatment was different than the ones before: I really wanted it this time. I took suggestion and didn't return home. I got honest with myself and did some pretty significant trauma work. I remembered the feeling of dopesickness and decided I never wanted to experience that again. And so I put in the work.

I did multiple 90 in 90s. I worked in treatment. I set goals and put forth effort to accomplish them. Eventually, I got so caught up in my life the days just kept passing and getting high didn't cross my mind. The obsession was lifted.

I've been through some pretty tough shit in the past three years. My boyfriend relapsed 13 months in and went back to rehab. One of my best friends died in a tragic car accident. I've dealt with stressors of jobs, school, and moving across the country. I used all the skills I developed in treatment and in the rooms to help me. And guess what, they actually work!

Today I define myself as: a fiance, a homeowner, a graduate student, a dog mom, a loyal employee, a person who shows up when needed and even when I'm not asked to. I become a better person every single day. I love myself and feel so much gratitude toward everyone and everything around me.

And I'm not sure where this post is going anymore. I remember when I was in very early recovery and I would hear people talk about how they had multiple years of sobriety and I would say to myself, "I can't wait for that to be me." And today that is me. And I won't ever stop putting one foot in front of the other down this path of recovery. I thought the whole "life beyond your wildest dreams" was bullshit, but eventually it is true. You just have to grind it out until you get there."
}
{ "author" : "TD_Erbs",
"date" : "05/08/2018, 10:32:50",
"selftext" : "Why do I do this??? I am so frustrated and sick. I habe been puking all day (nothing comes up) and have only been able to stomach water. The acid wont stop splashing up. Ive eaten at least twenty antacids. But I know ill do it all again and again. I am desperate.

I just got out of rehab and dont have work.  Spent my last dollar on the last month of rent. Now Im staying with two friends who are heavy drinkers, too. My mother wont talk to me. My girlfriend thinks im ignoring her because i get reclusive when i use (mainly damage control). All of this because of drinking... so why do I do it? I feel like I am totally insane.

I have not slept in 36+ hours because of the insomnia. I hope I am not triggering anyone. I cant stand this lifestyle anymore. Im going to die if I dont stop. I am 24 and started drinking when I was 14. I realized I had a problem around age 20.

Ive gone to AA meetings (7 nights a week) just prior to my latest rehab stay. Ive had two seizures. I feel so alone and fucked up. I hate alcohol and what its doing to me. I dont know what to do. "
}
{ "author" : "CannedTomatoSauce",
"date" : "05/08/2018, 15:42:21",
"selftext" : "I have been through a tough life, and I just hit 27. Let me start from the beginning, as I can remember.

I was four years old when I got adopted by my lovely foster parents. I actually wasn’t sure if it was adoption in the beginning, but I later understood that my recent parents were supposed to be some sort of extra parents so my biological mom could get some rest, but every time they was gonna drop me off to my mom, she was either not home or she was too drunk to take care of me. I mostly ended up going back to my extra parents (I’ll call them that for now). 
It was sad because she was supposed to meet me at the door, happy to see me, but she’d rather be wasted and stoned. I didn’t understand much of that when I was four, but looking back at it now, I realized that my mom didn’t love me enough.

My mom divorced my dad when I was 3 months old. Or she told me she was going to visit her mother, but she never returned back to him. No notes. Nothing. She didn’t even allow him to contact me. I can’t imagine the pain he went through. 
My mom went on with her life down south-east of the country and I don’t think she realized the amount of damage she put me through by keeping me. She was either too drunk to keep me away from the dishwasher powder, or to feed me properly. 
Or that time she got mad at my step dad and threw a mirror at him so he got injured. All while I was watching. She did love me sometimes, but not enough. You never love your child sometimes, you never let your child starve or let them see you abuse your partner.
Sometimes I ran away to my grandma who lived just a few blocks away. She took care of me while my mom recovered her hangover.

This went on for several years, until the child welfare came on a surprise visit to my mom. That day she locked me in the attic because I ‘misbehaved’. I was only four.

It was decided. I stayed at my extra parents until further decisions of my mom, because there were no doubts, she could not have me staying there anymore. I don’t even remember crying when they took me away.

I was raped when I was eight years old. By my very own cousin. He was way older than me. But I was never heard by the police. I decided to never contact my biological family again.

My mom passed away when I was nine. I didn’t cry in her funeral. I know it’s horrible, but it was like a new chapter. I could finally close the old chapter behind me, I could be free from the abuse.
I also got contact with my biological dad. The most loving man I’ve ever seen. Which made me question even more why my mom kept him away from me.

Now this is 23 years ago. But to this day, I’m chronic damaged. Adjacent injured. I have trouble connect to people and it’s hard for me to trust people.

And I have traumas. I have been through 11 years of constant bullying. I even tried to commit suicide twice, but I failed. Somehow, I survived everything. But I was so damaged and broken. My life was falling apart despite for my new family who adopted me and gave me everything I needed. All from food every day and love in all kinds a child need.

I was in and out of rehabs and treatments. Medicaments and therapies. And everything came down to my disorders.

- anxiety
- bipolar disorder
- slight sign of autism 
- memory losses 
- adjacent injury 
- night terrors
- moodswings

But looking back to all this, I survived abuse, I survived suicide attempts twice. I survived what my mother put me through. 
I stand here today on my two feet and I’m happy in a good amount."
}
{ "author" : "CommieVC",
"date" : "05/08/2018, 20:31:44",
"selftext" : "I don't think I have been/am physically dependent on alcohol: Usually after day 3 or 4 of drinking, the amount I need to feel normal is too much so I just stop for a few days.  I very rarely drink two days in a row.
However I get severe cravings. This is usually in the build up to social situations. I definitely have psychological dependence on alcohol. Also I watched a documentary recently with a young alcoholic who ran out of his rehab because he just needed to 'feel that shot of vodka washing down his throat'. i can totally relate to that...the sense of relief when I drink spirits.
Sometimes I also drink about 100ml when I know I have something tough at work. (ie being under scrutiny when I have to perform). I drink to prepare and then i just get on with my day.
If I drink socially then I usually drink 200-400ml of vodka or whisky in an evening. However this is just about once a week.
When I was in my early twenties I could go to the pub and have a couple of pints and then go home easily as with my friends. Now I am mid thirties and generally experience severe cravings after the equivalent of this amount.

Recently I went to a pub with some friends and our kids for lunch. They knew I drove so I decided I wasn't going to have more than 2 pints over a few hours. However after the two pints I walked out of the pub a couple of times to see if I could find a local shop selling vodka that I could neck down without people knowing. It was only because I couldn't see one close by enough that I went back in to the pub, but the cravings were there and ruined the whole experience.

The next day (day before yesterday) I went to a party and blacked out. I also fell off my cycle and bruised my ribs by falling down, which will take 5 weeks to heal. I did the same thing about 2 months ago and means I can't really exercise in the first 2 or 3 weeks.
 I don't drink when I don't go out unless I am unhappy about something but not more than an evening or two.
My question is: Since I do not have physical dependency, do you think I should try and tackle with moderation, or do you think teetotal is appropriate? I found the cravings I experienced in the pub much worse than when I quit smoking...(successfully about 2 years ago). "
}
{ "author" : "justabunchahunks",
"date" : "05/08/2018, 22:01:22",
"selftext" : "I'm a 31 year old major depressive with OCD (horrifying, unstoppable, intrusive thoughts). I started using regularly about a year and a half ago, and am now using all day every day. When I start to sober up, I always feel like I'm going to start crying so I just get high again. I very much want to quit, but I'm afraid if I'm not high, I won't be able to control my emotions. I'm afraid I will hurt myself or someone else, especially when my OCD feeds me thoughts of killing myself. I can't afford detox or rehab, and I have no one I can ask for monetary assistance. I don't know what to do. "
}
{ "author" : "lameismygame",
"date" : "05/09/2018, 04:39:05",
"selftext" : "I cant believe I'm actually posting in here honestly. Never really thought i would involve myself in alanon. Nothing wrong with it, just not my personality I guess. But here i am. 

Sorry I am going to try to word this as best I can, I'm not the best with my words.

My girlfriend and I were together for three years at the point when it was really bad and i love/d her so deeply I didnt want it to end. She has been a poly substance abuser since I first met her. Anything she could get her hands on she would take. It was primarily DXM before she was 21 but she always tried to get alcohol when she could. I knew I should have been scared when she turned 21 and i was right.

In January we celebrated her birthday with 4 natty daddys each. (We were broke as she wasnt working) and that night was awful and i expressed my deep hatred of her drinking. This wasnt the first time, but I knew it was going to get bad so i wanted to try to stop it in its tracks I guess. It obviously didnt work, and did the opposite. 

She started drinking behind my back while i was at work and lying about it. She would be completely trashed and saying she wasnt and I'd call her out. That would start a fight and things would escalate. She would hit me, threaten me, call me awful names, target all my insecurities, and just basically destroy me. Shes cutthroat anyway but didnt use it on me sober. I had to call the cops multiple times because she was shoving me onto the ground, hit me, that kind of stuff. But i never wanted to give up because i knew she was just super fucked up inside due to past traumas and I knew that was never who she was. Its like she was two completely different people. 

One night. I called the police because she was being terrible as usual (this was in July, seven months of day after day drinking and abuse) and the cop knew me as he always was the one to repsond. He told me he would wait in his car to make sure i was safe. When he left, she started choking me. I couldnt believe it. She would grab, let go. Grab, let go. One time when she let go i pushed her off and ran outside to get the officer. He arrested her. She went to jail for two and half weeks. I wanted to leave but i was hoping jail would be a wake up call. 

It was. She got out and didnt drink. Then she went to rehab. She came home, and didnt drink. She has been sober almost 10 months!! The way she talks about how she just doesnt have interest in drinking anymore kinda reassures me that shes serious. I went out with some friends the other night and got drunk. (It was the first time since she had been sober) and it didnt trigger her. 

I really want to believe her. And I do, mostly. We are the happiest we have *ever* been. But its always there. The fear shes going to drink again. The 'volume' has been turned down over time but its always there. 

I dont know i guess there is no point to this I'm just saying it to say it. I dont like my friends to know this stuff, as im increibly reserved with my personal life. 

Thanks for reading, sorry I just babbled. Have a good night/day ❤"
}
{ "author" : "Chr2045",
"date" : "05/09/2018, 17:41:01",
"selftext" : "Hello, I need help. My cousin has attempted to commit suicide \(2nd time now\). She is currently in the hospital and keeps insisting she wants to die. My aunt and uncle are trying to get her help but she keeps denying any help \( she is 22\). Social worker stated that they cannot do anything since she is an adult and its her decision. Is their any way to get her help, like rehab center, psychiatrist or something without getting her to say yes. My family is running out of options. Thank You"
}
{ "author" : "Bocrabs",
"date" : "05/09/2018, 22:44:24",
"selftext" : "If so, would you like to share your experience?   As far as I know Voc Rehab is America-only (idk what other countries offer), but if you used a similar government program you can share too! "
}
{ "author" : "AlcoholicAlternative",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 00:42:04",
"selftext" : "I've been in rehab twice, and fell back the last couple months. I've gone sober multiple times on my own before but I've been hitting the bottle consistently pretty hard and (as is usual) I'm a little scared of the detox.

I have a nice neighbor who I've asked to check in on me, I have bottles of water and some fruit, but I was wondering if there are any tips to make it not suck so much. Generally I sweat a lot, get the shakes, and become very easily scared for about 72 hours. When I was in rehab I got some drug that almost instantly removed any shaking, but I guess you can't get that over the counter.

Does anyone have any tips?"
}
{ "author" : "ag-0merta",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 01:09:06",
"selftext" : "[1 of 3]
Im 29 years old, married, and living with depression and anxiety.

For the last 5 years, I've gone thru tremendous peaks and valley's. I've experienced the pure bliss of getting married to a truly amazing woman. I've experienced the gut wrenching agony of almost ending my own life. I've been thru it all, and I'd like to hopefully send a message to others dealing with issues on the daily.

I'll be posting here, sharing my experience with you. I don't ask anyone to comment, or share their own personal feelings. This will be for the person who comes to this sub feeling as if their existence is worthless.

I first recognized my issue in spring 2014. I had just accepted my first "real" job out of college. Prior to this, my life had been somewhat normal. Normal "stressful" romantic relationships, normal "stressful" jobs, normal "dysfunctional" family life. Nothing was out of the ordinary. I was your stereotypical white male. But when I accepted this new job, I stepped into a whole new life. More responsibilities, less time for fun, and certainly less time for friends. I had been with my girlfriend for about 3 years now, and we had talked about the "next step", but just merely talked about it. We had started renting a townhome with our friend. As far as we were concerned, life was good. However, my professional life was beginning to show signs of not being as secure as I had hoped. It was fall now. The very thought of my boss coming to talk to me about a simple scared me beyond belief. I remember leaving a meeting because I wasnt feeling well, only to go to the bathroom and softly cry into my arms. He just wanted to talk about an upcoming project, and i broke down into a ball of mucus and flesh. For the next two weeks, I was terrified of my coworkers. Were they judging me? Surely they heard me sobbing like a baby. My confidence in simple conversations was equivalent to the nervousness experienced on a first date. I went to the doc, and explained to him what was happening. He referred me to a psych, and we established I had lingering dark feeling about autumn time. Seasonal depression. Prescribed Wellbutrin and Zoloft.

Everything was better for the 3 months I was taking the meds. My anxiety dissipated, and I was able to enjoy work and my social life yet again. But then I did something terribly stupid. See, part of my "rehab" along with the meds was to get into a good routine in the gym. I was working out 5x a week, and noticing amazing strength gains and losing weight. I felt amazing. But one night, I was unable to fall asleep and starting researching workout supplements. A quick trip down a rabbit-hole led me to Pro-hormones. A great, quick way of adding muscle and strength. Basically, steroids. I ordered some up without really looking into the side effects. While still taking the Wellbutrin-Zoloft combo, I started popping these hormone affecting pills. Long story short, for those who dont know much about PH, they have the chance of affecting your bodies natural chemical buildup, making issues such as depression and anxiety worse, tenfold. I started feeling terrible. Sleeping 2 hours a night. Very irritable. Just a mess. I decided to stop taking the meds prescribed to me because I was a mid-twenties know it all. I believe I permanently damaged my bodies natural ability to produce testosterone. I went back to the doc. He advised me to stop taking the workout pills, begin TRT to replace the lost T, and start back on the A-D meds. I did this, and was back to normal for the next 8 months.

Fast forward a little bit. I got engaged to the girlfriend. I took a second, part time job to help cover the costs of the wedding. We got married, I kept the job. We decided to buy a house. I was still working 65 hours a week to cover closing costs. I was stressed about the closing of the house. I was working 65 hours. I was drinking a lot. I wasn't taking my medication. I was stressed. I was working a lot. My mind was going a thousand miles an hour. I wasn't sleeping. I was drinking. I was stressed. I wasn't taking my meds. I was drinking. Eventually, I tried to kill myself, kinda, I think?

There was a nature preserve near my work. I would go for walks on my lunch breaks to try and unwind. I love nature, so this was good cheap way to unwind. It was late April, a few weeks before we closed on the house. I was a few days after my last shift at the part time job. For some dumb reason I lied to my wife about having to work again. I left my full time job to go unwind at the preserve for a walk. The deep rolling hills and heavily wooded area were perfect for me to forget my issues and just relax. I sat down next to a big oak tree, just beginning to bud it's leaves. I remember looking up at the branches swaying in the breeze. I looked up for a moment, in a gaze. I was hallucinating. I was a part of that tree. I wasnt a human, I wasn't anything other than a piece of bark. The world didnt need me. The tree needed me. My wife didnt need me. Nobody needed me. I thought about laying there forever, never leaving the comfort of this tree. I wanted to leave the world. All the stress. All the anxiousness. All the life that I thought I needed. All the bullshit that the day-to-day convinced me was part of life. I wanted to end it. Under that tree. Pulled out my pocket knife. Looked at it. Knew it wouldnt do anything other than hurt me. So i cried. I criend under that tree for 2 hours. Nobody was near me. Nobody saw me. Just the way I wanted it to be.

After I came to, it was getting close to dark. I walked back to the path, back to my car, and went home. I hugged my wife, poured myself a double bourbon, and went to sleep. I never told anyone about that until now. I wish I could say I went and found more help thru a doctor or friend, or some hotline. But I didnt. I dealt with my issues. I figured, "hey, this is the path I'm supposed to take". I started to adjust my life around my issues. Until the next time they reared their ugly head."
}
{ "author" : "Alcoholicthrowaway92",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 03:13:18",
"selftext" : "Hi. I had a minor relapse about a month and a half ago after being sober since last April. Last week, I had another. I had finished all my school exams and my kids were staying with family for a few days. For some reason, I decided to celebrate the end of semester with a drink. It turned into a lot of drinks for about 5 days. I don’t think I ate anything after day 1. 

On Sunday morning, I woke up with a racing heart, shakes, etc. I had a massive panic attack. My husband took me to the hospital. I was quickly diagnosed with severe alcoholic ketoacidosis..... elevated liver panels, blood/protein/ketones in urine, Then spent 2 miserable days in the hospital. I’m entering an intensive outpatient rehab next week. I’m home now on a 9-day Librium taper. I have no desire to drink now, but I know it will come in a few weeks or a few months. 

So I’ve decided to come here and stick around, if that’s okay. My dad is a recovering alcoholic - sober for 10 years or so. But I don’t have a great relationship with him for other reasons. So I need a support system of people who get it. I have a great husband, plus my mom, sister, and best friend for IRL support. But they don’t really get the problem since they’ve never lived it. "
}
{ "author" : "jer925",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 03:16:51",
"selftext" : "After trying for a week and being turned down by 3 different kaiser Permanente doctors, I finally found one to write me a script for a 14 day supply last Wednesday. 

Day 1- I took the pill a hour prior and instead of my usual 6 pack and 3 mix drinks? I had 1 beer and one mixed drink. Keep in mind I was super hungover from the night before, so that also played a factor in why I didn’t drink as much as I usually do. The next morning, I almost fell asleep driving to work, I was super drowsy. Guess that’s one of the side effects of naltrexone. 

Day 2- I took the pill one hour prior, I had 3 beers and 2 mixed drinks 

Day 3- 2 beers, 1 mixed drink 

Day 4- 3 beers, 2 mixed drinks 

Day 5- This was Sunday night. Not sure why? I decided to have 4 beers and 3 mixed drinks. Monday morning? I had a New Year’s Day hangover. It was bad. I work in a labor trade. I was hurt. When I drink more than 3 beers and 2 mixed drinks? I get really bad hangovers on naltrexone. Does anyone else experience this? 

Day 6- I didn’t drink

Day 7- 2 beers, one mixed drink 

Day 8- 3 beers, one mixed drink 

Day 9- (today) I’m not drinking

I have been doing the Sinclair method for 9 days. I have been dealing with my drinking problem for a little over a decade. Two inpatient rehabs and dozens AA or NA meetings never worked. I have multiple dui convictions from 9 years ago. I’m 1 year away from having a clean dmv record. I was going down a path where I was going to get another dui. I’m so happy I found naltrexone and the Sinclair method. I walked into the liquor store 45 minutes ago and bought candy and cigarettes. I felt no temptation to buy alcohol. The obsession is gone. I went from a six pack of IPA’s and 3 mixed drinks per night (sometimes more, sometimes I would keep going until I blacked out) Now it seems like I don’t want to go past 3-4 beers and one mixed drink. Plus I’m able to take days off and it feels natural, it’s not forced.
"
}
{ "author" : "JB_Fletcher80",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 03:46:57",
"selftext" : "For those of you that don’t watch, Dorinda was accompanying Bethenny Frankel on a trip to Puerto Rico during her well-publicized relief efforts after Hurricane Maria... but the night before they were to fly out from Miami they went to a dinner with other partners and employees of the charity who dedicate themselves to helping in times of crises and are having an incredibly thoughtful conversation about the things that they have done and seen... and Dorinda continuously interjects with drunken, barely intelligible rants that are incredibly insulting, but also nonsensical... eventually she gets into it with Bethenny, who basically tells her she’d prefer if Dorinda didn’t come along on this once in a lifetime humanitarian effort and Dorinda embarrassingly exits...

Obviously I don’t relate to this story EXACTLY... but it’s definitely a familiar scenario of a making a fool of yourself at an important event with respected people, engaging in ridiculous fights with friends, potentially losing out on amazing opportunities, and eventually waking up the next morning waiting for the flood of shame, guilt, and embarrassment that will inevitably roll over you.

It was difficult to watch, but ultimately is just another reminder of the damage and havoc that alcohol can impart in your life. And makes me glad I don’t have to deal with all that anymore.

And we haven’t even gotten to Luanne’s arrest and subsequent rehab stay. Who knew RHONY would be another tool in my sobriety?  I literally used to watch the show and feel weird when I wasn’t drinking a chilled white wine at the same time."
}
{ "author" : "throwawaySjfkfndidns",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 04:26:13",
"selftext" : "I honestly feel like I can’t live through this one.
I relapsed and it was the worst one yet.
I ruined my sisters marriage, ostracized myself from her and her husband and their kids, I’m written off by my entire family and I’m completely alone. I live in California and they all live in New Jersey.
The only person I know out here is my ex fiancé and she’s also done with me.
I’m thinking very calmly but very seriously about suicide. 
I’ve been to a dozen rehabs, so many emergency rooms, a bunch of detoxes, I’ve done meetings and worked all the steps with a sponsor, I’ve been on Antabuse and Vivitrol and Naltrexone...
I cannot stop drinking. And this time I created the worst mess of my life.
I don’t think I’m gonna make it through this.
Not looking for sympathy or karma or anything at all.
Just needed to write this out."
}
{ "author" : "Chevy2018",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 05:21:40",
"selftext" : "Today is day 87 of my sobriety.  Over the passed few months I’ve gone to an inpatient rehab and learned a lot about addiction, better ways to handle stress and way better coping skills. 

One of the most important things I’ve learned is that I was my biggest problem. The things I did under the influence of alcohol created the majority of the problems in my life. 

Being sober has created way more money to do fun things. It’s freed up tons of time to do the fun things and I’ve learned that doing things sober is actually really fun. I can remember the things I do, nobody is upset the next day and my relationship with my wife and kids is so much better. 

Today I’m excited for another day with my family as a sober man. Heck, I even wake up excited to go to work now. I know people say be cautious of the pink cloud. Mine came and went, then one day I woke up and realized how awesome life is. You only get one life to live..... so get off your butt and enjoy it! Take care my friends!!!"
}
{ "author" : "OShizzleG",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 06:20:28",
"selftext" : "I am a weekend drinker. Sometimes some wine during the week of course never juat one glass though. Always the whole bottle. I've always known ive had a problem. I am ten years clean off of meth. Continued to drink. 
Got drunk. Got into a fist fight walked miles home. Hated myself. Now I am trying to make a change one day at a time. I am no stranger to the program.  I had to go to rehab twice to finally get off meth. My mother is a recovering addict as well grew up attending AA meetings. 
I just always thought i was ok. A weekend drinker I had it under control.  
One day at a time I will get myself back. Tired of beating myself up and the shame. Recently more and more black outs not what I want my kids to grow up around Jesus what have i become? "
}
{ "author" : "Knygen",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 11:26:49",
"selftext" : "Hello /r/stopdrinking!

After 15 years of pretty heavy drinking (I'm 38 years old) I got in to rehab about a year and a half ago. It went really well and I was sober for a long time without any major issues. Then I had a family crisis and all I could think about was getting drunk and forget all about it.

I took a really bad relapse and ended up in a hospital a week later.  My body was in really bad shape and I almost lost my job that time since I never called my boss or anything, I just went missing. 
Sent my kids and my wife away and sat alone in my house getting wasted. 

Im lucky to have a wife that cares so much and sent people to check in on me every hour, 24/7 and she's the one that finally got me to the emergency. I don't remember much myself from that week, just getting a cab to the store to get more booze. My wife took my car keys away luckily.

Now Im back on track, 100 days today! and Im feeling great and confident. But I know that anything can happen and I can never let my guard down against my demons. 

I'm the 3'rd generation of alcoholics in my family, both my father and grandfather have the same disease. I just hope I can brake the chain here and show my kids who are 3 and 4 years old a good clean sober life.

Thank you for reading! English is my second language so spelling might be a bit odd. 

Take care of yourself.

"
}
{ "author" : "FWSage",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 16:22:27",
"selftext" : "* My skin looks better and someone commented this morning that I looked so “well rested.”
* My eyes don't feel like sandpaper.
* Apparently I do *not* actually have IBS.
* By a \*conservative\* estimate I’ve saved about $80 by not drinking this week. \(My husband is in rehab, and when I conservatively estimated our combined monthly drinking total I’m certain we’ve had $1,000\+ alcohol months.\)
* My kids are happy and I can tell they are proud and relieved.
* After 3\-4 days of being so exhausted by 9pm I’m feeling energetic again.
* I’m sleeping through the night without waking up feeling dehydrated and waking up before my alarm goes off. Actually I used to have really vivid, crazy dreams and I just realized I haven’t been dreaming \(or at least I’m not remembering them when I wake up. That’s weird.\)
* Made it to the gym 4 days in a row.
* Recycling bin is no longer overflowing and when the truck comes to empty it it does not wake up the neighborhood because \(seltzer\) cans banging together are way less noisy than bottles banging together.

All of this after just six days of not drinking. Not bad \~IWNDWYT\~"
}
{ "author" : "Taoager",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 17:39:47",
"selftext" : "theres this place in Thailand called The Vomit Temple run by buddhist monks, offering FREE REHAB to anyone able to get there. donations are accepted when you leave.  they call the place the Vomit Temple because they only use oriental herbs for comfort meds that make you puke. if anyones been there i would enjoy hearing about it."
}
{ "author" : "dyingsober",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 17:40:23",
"selftext" : "I think I’m getting PAWS, I’ve been shaking and shitting myself all day. I felt okay for awhile but I was on detox meds in rehab. I also have fibromyalgia so i can’t tell the fro that. Either way I’m committed to being clean for me
And my family and my boyfriend who’s in rehab currently "
}
{ "author" : "dyingsober",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 19:30:19",
"selftext" : "I didn’t pick one in my town in fear of seeing people I know. This ones about 20-30 minutes away in a rougher area but im okay with that. I’ve only been to meetings in rehab. I’m bringing my friend for support because I’m afraid to go, it’s an open meeting so I think it’s okay. Happy to try and be be sober. Expect it’s not trying  because I have to be sober. I want to chose life again. "
}
{ "author" : "Sackgins",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 20:30:12",
"selftext" : "My mother's boyfriend is an alcoholic, and has been pretty much since they started dating. He has experienced very devastating things as a child and has tried to sober up many times, unsuccesfully. My mom has a very low tolerance of stress, and she's been a nervous wreck for a year now. They lives together for 9 months but my mom moved out after realising that he won't sober up no matter what. He has lost contact with his two young sons from his last marriage, and he's pretty much in a constant state of heavy grief all the time. We've tried to be there for him, since he is a weak man, but nothing has come of it.

Now my patience has run out since this is my last year as a teen living my old way of life before going to the army, and I don't want to lose another year of my life trying to help a lost cause. I demanded that he try sobering up himself without our help, since our help hasn't worked before, or else they break up. My mom agreed.

Is it wrong to ask him to get a grip by himself, especially when he really has regressed from his old self? My mom is the only thing left in his life, but I'm afraid that he'll take her with him too if this continues any longer. He's been to AA many times but he refuses to go to rehab. 

I know this is harsh, but my mom is a teacher and has a puppy at home now and she has no time to relax with him coming over to her place even when she doesn't want him there, so she's been chronically tired even after she moved out .

So, am I doing the wrong or the right thing? Excuse my rambling, but I'm quite emotional at the moment of writing."
}
{ "author" : "Bornbrit",
"date" : "05/10/2018, 21:04:49",
"selftext" : "Got my pallet implant today and I feel great. The cravings are slight but not domineering like they use to be. Just a lil "meh, it would be nice if I could "partake" but thats it.I have a "warm" feeling but in a good way.

The surgery was easy and I mean easy. They put me under at around 11:20 am this morning and by 11:50am I was done and awake.

The ONLY thing that pissed me off about the procedure was one of the papers they wanted me to sign which I refused do to its wording. Apparently theres a possibility that my insurance company might send ME the check for the rehabs services \(though I dont know why.\) I understand that the rehab wants to get paid BUT this form which they were going to send to my insurance company was insulting. I WISH I would have taken a picture of it because it said....

" I am an alcoholic/ drug addict who is struggling to get clean and that is why I opted for this surgery. Do NOT send me the check for the services performed by \&lt;rehab center\&gt;  because money is my trigger and by sending ME the money, I can trigger and relapse and it will be YOUR fault."

I told them I understand that they need to get paid but I am NOT signing it the way it is worded. I told them if it were to say " Any money that has been sent to me for the services performed by \&lt;rehab center\&gt; is the property of \&lt;rehab center\&gt; and I am NOT entitled to all or part of the payment and I have 48 hours in which to hand over the entire payment to \&lt;rehab center\&gt;", then I will sign it.

They gave me another form to sign instead which was worded more closely to what I had requested  than to what their original paper said."
}
{ "author" : "OneEyedOneHorned",
"date" : "05/11/2018, 01:41:20",
"selftext" : "I was told about a year ago by my doctor that he had seen 80 year olds with better back and hip strength than me and if I didn't exercise, I would gradually get worse and potentially lose the use of my legs. I'm 28. Due to scoliosis complicated by a spinal fracture with no rehab which fucked the muscles in my back and severe depression for years when I did nothing and never exercised or ever did any sports so my legs are fucked up. My right outer leg muscle is visibly smaller.

A year after my doctor told me that I have done nothing and I think about it constantly out of anxiety because even when I have the money to get a gym membership, I'm scared. Scared to be broke, scared of the people, scared to waste my money, scared of the vague negative memories I have of PE in public school, scared of hating myself more realizing how weak I am.

I know that if I do or if I don't either way I'm still making a choice but every time I think about or google exercise or home exercise, I want to hurt myself. I cannot feel good or even fractionally positive when it comes to physical activity and I don't know how to deal with that for my own health. Can anyone relate?"
}
{ "author" : "throwawaycafestol",
"date" : "05/11/2018, 01:53:19",
"selftext" : "**TL;DR: No degree, no work related skills, no social skills, interest in web development/testing, Any ideas how to get back to work life?**

**Some background:**

* 32 years old
* No degree or anything \(just elementary school\)
* Close to no real work experience
* Living in small town, current life situation does allow to move
* Never learned to drive car and doubt I ever will
* Going back to school is not possible at this moment

So looking some advice about getting back to work life.  I'm quite fortunate to have supporting wife who actually makes decent salary which is why we are \(barely\) able to get through each month. Financially, I bring nothing but disability pension to the table, so obviously I'm looking ideas to do something more.

**What I have been trying to do?**

* Started \(and failed fast\) "startup" company with friend,  web design "agency" \(doing websites\). We managed to get around 10 clients before friend got job and quit.
* Released a game, nothing much came of it.
* Have tried to apply remote web design positions, no replies.

So why disability pension? I assume biggest reason was that I failed "work rehabilitation" due to anxiety and other physiological issues which resulted me failing to be effective or even somewhat decent worker. In short, around group of people I lock down and have very hard time to approach new people, prefer avoiding that all together \(which makes being freelancer impossible\). Mild stuttering does not help situation, gives nice boost to anxiety.

I would not call myself "unsocial", but I'm most often quiet with new people and prefer doing things alone or with few people as possible. When I get to know someone I'm very talkative person \(most often too much\).

I have been always interest in testing different things \(such as websites/apps functionality, games etc\), solving problems, coding and website design, but I'm not great/*excellent* in any of them. I can complete different challenges \(such as finishing and releasing small PC game, creating small laravel application \(issue tracker\), android trivia game etc\)., but eventually nothing sticks and I often have to rely on Google/Stack Overflow, way too much. Assuming I would fail job interview when it comes to "coding test" due to previously mentioned "issue".

So I'm that kind of package, any ideas?"
}
{ "author" : "MasterGatur",
"date" : "05/11/2018, 07:40:47",
"selftext" : "Please don't take this as any kind of discouragement. YOU CAN DO THIS!!

I've been lurking here for years and you guys have been a huge motivation to me. Thank you all so much for being there and sharing your stories. 

For me, I don't yet have the strength to fight this alone. 

So it's time for a program to help me. I've found a great Catholic work program that's perfect me. 

I've relapsed a couple of times and realized that I just needed to get away and refocus. 

I'm here to share my encouragement to all of you struggling and tell you that there's help. 

I'd also like to say that rehab isn't what everyone needs, it's just something I needed. 

Thank you all, and I won't be having a drink with any of you!"
}
{ "author" : "Becoming_a_person",
"date" : "05/11/2018, 07:45:19",
"selftext" : "Could someone please direct me to websites that show rehabilitation exercises for the knee? I'm located in China and having difficulty using [bing.com](https://bing.com) to find websites that offer detail. The doctors have given me Chinese paperwork but I can't read all that well. I can not access YouTube here either. I apologize in advance if this answered somewhere else in this subreddit, but I'm having trouble navigating the "new" reddit and can not search properly. "
}
{ "author" : "throwawaymylifemate",
"date" : "05/11/2018, 08:07:44",
"selftext" : "I was a great student in highschool, ran an ebay business, wrote essays for money, interned for an important legal place in the community, took 10 AP's and sold drugs. I got accepted into an elite school, went there for a year, and it fucked me over mentally. The summer after my first year I called out this kid for stealing and him and his friends jumped me, and the kid was a minor and his parents were rich but never paid my medical bills. To this day I have not received restitution and my parents paid it. Furthermore, a social worker at school told me to handle my substance abuse issues by admitting myself into rehab. Figured out it was very expensive, and faked myself out by discharging and saying I was off of xanax magically. I was sent to collections and have not paid them the sum of $2000 that I apparently owe them. 

I shrugged it off and continued school. The next fall my substance abuse got worse and my grades slipped. I got heavily into cocaine and xanax, sold it as well to maintain my habit. I was the best goddamn salesman ever, but always spent more money than I earned, treating my friends. Nobody but my roommates realized how amazing I was, the rest of the people I met in college knew me as the dude, and couldn't make the same friends I made my first year. Then I was ran over by a car my winter quarter and my leg got fucked up for a great amount of time, so I skipped class and sold drugs full time, thinking I could half ass school. I ended up having to bullshit psychological services and get permission for withdrawals, for both fall and winter, as I continuously fucked up from getting too focused on selling. So many people gave me advice on how to better myself, and shit just kept getting worse.

 It all started on this car ride where me and roommates rode up a highway divider as a result of the driver taking xanax and falling asleep. My addiction to xanax made me a fiend and alcoholic, since 10th grade and now in my second year I was a full fledged retard, as in I couldn't even hold down a conversation without paying attention, of course I was depressed this entire time as I had no end goal for college, stopped being the social elite I was once. I stopped being invited to parties and didn't know who was my friend because of my popularity for being the dude. Then shit changed when my house got robbed by this person who stole laptops a pound of weed all my xanax and even had the nerve to venmo himself $2000. Lost, I didn't report it to the police as I was too strung out and even more depressed, not to mention the person who did it was notorious and had warrants out, and is still currently missing, as I check his facebook and his mom doesn't even know where he is. 

Then, I got robbed again, by this couch surfer who was known by the local community, he also stole all the new xanax I had purchased and put me in debt with my dealer, who was also my friend, thank God he isn't evil or else I would be in some deep shit.  The dude who was his source got arrested, so I had to get out of the game. I kept getting texts by bartards, people stopped by without notice as if I was some magic xanax fairy. People even opened my door as if it was okay. I fucked up by selling out of my house. Then, evidently, my house got robbed again and someone stole a $300 JBL speaker that was borrowed from a friend and another pound of weed from my roommates. Jesus Christ, it was time to drop school and move out, either way I wasn't admitted into Spring Quarter. I had a tonsillectomy recently and my doctor fucked up by prescribing me too many antibiotics, weakening my immune system and killing all my good bacteria, and now I have the Giardia parasite in my stomach lining and feel terrible.

 I moved back home and went back to visit the old place as I left some stuff, and my parents came to pick me up, and was too busy getting fucked up for cinco de mayo to even pack, I took what I could, but left some valuables. Last week I lost my glasses and phone. Goddamn I feel like I failed my parents, those people love me to death and I feel like a piece of shit for asking for money to pay the rent as I moved out. I failed my bros and feel bad for the debt I have with them. The week I was there, the lady who sold me alcohol as a minor got caught selling to someone whos a minor and got fined $3000. She risked it all and got fucked. The week I was there, I tried to fight someone drunk in a restaurant, I feel bad. I found out who helped steal 100 pills with the couchsurfer, and stole his laptop as revenge, evidently the other guy who was friends with the couchsurfer was a good friend of mine and I acted 2 faced with him after I stole his phone, which contained the texts of them trying to distract me. I told his roommate that he smoked meth (as I found it in his texts he smoked it with the dude that robbed me). The kid got evicted and relocated with a mutual friend.

 I was so distraught, felt bad and returned his phone, but claimed I didn't know the whereabouts of his laptop. The roommate called the cops as the couchsurfer dude broke in and stole his $200 beats and I bought them for $50, but being in debt, sold them for $80, and didn't know who's they were. My conscience is killing me, as the roommate of his was a dear friend and feel like I wronged him for selling his beats, he's a good kid though and even asked me if I still had them even though I denied. He accepted it and we hungout. I even hungout with the kid who conspired and acted like we were good friends, even though I took his laptop. The couchsurfer dude is living comfortably even though he fucked me bad by putting me in debt, and threatened to call the cops on me for formerly selling drugs in high quantities and has text proof. All set aside, I am back home dealing with this shit in the back of my head, as well as the former life I've lived with all the baggage. 

I definitely have pissed off some people, and have definitely been wronged. Now I am stuck in debt, out of school and have no choice but to pay my debts which should have never existed in the first place. I worked so hard, just to get fucked by thieves. I now have alot of health issues, and the main one I am dealing with is severely high blood pressure. Last time I went to the docs which was a few days ago I read 164/90. Besides that, I feel like the injustice is killing me. What approach should I take to clear my head? I am severely depressed in my day to day life. I no longer contact friends from my hometown and live a reclusive life. Please help."
}
{ "author" : "Peterstie",
"date" : "05/11/2018, 13:38:13",
"selftext" : "Hey guys,

Totally didn't expect a ST subreddit but here I am! 

I'm studying Speech and Language Therapy I'm September and I was wondering if anyone could advise of anything I could be doing in the meantime to be better equipped with knowledge and experience. 

I've recently left a position with the local hospital which helped rehabilitation for patients with brain injuries and strokes. 

Thanks guys! 

*EDIT* - STARTING. "
}
{ "author" : "Legitpassenger",
"date" : "05/11/2018, 14:03:44",
"selftext" : "I just finished up 30 days in rehab and during that time I went to 5 AA meetings (offsite). I started to do the research on what else is available and found something called Smart Recovery. It really resonated with me and I decided to go to meeting yesterday. It was a bit different from AA and very worthwhile. Anyone else been to both or just a Smart Recovery meeting?"
}
{ "author" : "demonic_intent",
"date" : "05/11/2018, 14:45:08",
"selftext" : "I want to say I had it good at one point, but it seems everything nice is overshadowed by something too dark to make the best of things. Growing up, my dad did heroine and meth and wasn't around a lot. It never got too bad until about 4 years ago and I haven't really heard from him since until a few weeks back when he called me and told me he was going to rehab, but also mentioned he might not survive recovery because he suffers from heart failure. He still never met his grandson, my son. I don't even get to see my son too often. The mother, my ex, she doesn't think too highly of me. I never did anything wrong to her, I never so much as called her a bad name. She would say the most hurtful things, cheat on me, gaslighting and all that. Because we could never get along, I ended up being the parent on the side. I pay child support and get to see him once a week if she feels like she has time for me to come over. Lately, I've been struggling with money big time though, and haven't been able to pay child support the past 2 months. I lost my old job because I kept having panic attacks at work and management didn't know how to handle it so they let me go. I have a new job now, and even though it pays much less I wasn't doing bad there. Recently, though, I haven't been coming in to my shifts. About 2 months ago a girl started there, and me and her immediately hit it off. We dated for a month and a half until she changed her mind and started to ghost me, only for me to find out that shed been hooking up with my friend who I had confided in a few times about my worries with her. It feels like the ultimate betrayal, because she made so many promises and said so many nice things, and he seemed like such a genuine friend. At that time, I had no one. I have a roommate, but he's a no-life gamer and has no opinion on this stuff and doesn't like talking about it.

I can't seem to make anyone want to stick around. My own family won't even admit I have a son because they seem to think I could've gotten full custody and I really tried my absolute hardest to make that happen, but being a poor single father leaves you with hardly any options. All but one of my relationships have ended in me being cheated on (something I've never done and couldn't bring myself to do), and the one that didn't cheat has been doing so much better without me.

After my son was born, I reconnected with my mom and eventually moved back in with her. She abused me and my siblings when we were young, so I hadn't talked to her much since moving out at 17. I'd known shes been through therapy, counseling, and on medication so I had hoped things were better, and they are, just not good enough. I try to bring up any issues I've been dealing with to her and she just gets mad at me, as if I'm trying to invalidate her own problems by talking about my own and if its not that, its my problem and I probably caused it so I have no right to be upset.

I've lived my whole life with the goal of making everyone around me happy, because I know how awful it feels to be treated poorly. I know that because of that, I open the door to people that want to take advantage of me and its happened a lot. Despite all the changes I've made to myself or how I've tried to be better, I can't seem to get anyone to care about me the way I care for them. And even worse, I never really improve peoples lives, it seems. I try so, so hard to make being around me a good thing. Considering how things have gone so far I can't help but think there's a fatal flaw in me that keeps that from happening and I just can't figure it out no matter how hard I try to understand myself. 

Now all I think is that maybe I was never meant to make anyone happy, that maybe my existence is just a mistake. I've already attempted suicide twice, but the thought of my son blaming himself has kept me from going through with it. Its hard though, because I have to keep feeling this pain and keep moving forward even though I know I'm just going to get hurt by someone I trust again. I really just don't want to keep living."
}
{ "author" : "[deleted]",
"date" : "05/11/2018, 19:02:32",
"selftext" : "Hi, everyone! My alcoholic father is about to start ambulatory rehab and I want to know how I could help contribute to his treatment. One thing I know for sure is that he will miss having a beer in the evening (I’m positive he will miss liquor more but beer was his evening routine on his good days). I would like to know if it’s a good idea to give him alcohol-free beer as a substitute or if it will just make him want real alcohol even more.
I’d also be super grateful to you guys if you gave me any tips on how to make it easier for him in general. He’s been a real deal addict for over two decades now and we really need him to get better, so any tips will be great."
}
{ "author" : "micaheaton",
"date" : "05/12/2018, 00:37:36",
"selftext" : "Last April, I met a girl online. She lived about an hour from me, and for some reason or another fell in love with me pretty quickly. I treated her like shit. I was verbally abusive, a cheater, manipulative, and at the very end physically abusive. We broke up in October but still spoke everyday, but in December she began to be romantically interested in someone else. She came to my house to get her stuff. I had been drinking and taking Xanax. The night before, I had had a terrible DXM trip where I thought I was dying. I believe now I was in some sort of psychosis. I choked her, restrained her from leaving, and told her horrible things- i.e "I hope you have another miscarriage". I slashed my wrists in front of her and my mother and was sent to a psychiatric ward for three weeks, then rehab for 30 days. All of this happened in December, and it's now May. I still think about her everyday. I still feel cold rage that she chose someone else, even though I was a piece of shit towards her. I have been through therapy and I know now that I suffered from addiction, rage issues, and depression, but there still lingers this obsession. I check her snapchat. I check her new partner's snapchat. Sometimes I contact her just to tell her she's a slut, or to insult her in some other way. I just want to let this toxic mindset go. I want to let her be happy, and I want to stop being so angry. I treated her like my possession, and I realize this is incredibly unhealthy and terrible of me. I don't want to feel these white-hot flashes of jealousy, bitterness, and spite. How do I break this cycle of abuse?"
}
{ "author" : "Jon213166",
"date" : "05/12/2018, 03:37:33",
"selftext" : "Nothing new here. I’m ending my 12th day sober and reality is kicking in. 12 days is nothing. Every normal human I’ve interacted with, and trust me, they’re all normal, look at me like “really? Wow, you haven’t drank in 12 days??? Awesome!!!! I haven’t drank since Jill’s wedding last summer.”  
Is it a competition?? I wasn’t aware, just enjoying the fact I’m where I am.... just bragging about my 12 days because to me it’s a huge accomplishment.  
I started outpatient rehab yesterday. I had to change my work hours to accommodate it and when I was questioned about leaving work early I just said, “ I have a problem that I need to fix, so I gotta go early.” I joke now about it. I’m ok with it. Everybody in the office can make their Friday at 5:01 comments and it doesn’t bother me. Ya, sorry, I’m not joining you this Friday, got shit to do....

Anyway the real update. Apparently I’m a little upset, side effect I guess. The girlfriend is ok, in a psychiatric ward till this coming Wednesday and she gets to come home.  We’ve had time to think, and as much as I really thought it was a wrap, it’s not. These last 2 weeks we had time to find ourselves, to start the process of fixing ourselves. We did that and funny thing, both of our processes had us meeting up in the middle once we were ok... it’s been 12 days for both of us, only 12 days to the eyes of some and yet a whole 12 days that seems like a lifetime goal to those struggling to get through the first 2 or 3 days...trust me, if we did it, you can too...We just endured the  hardest 12 days of both of our lives and yet we didn’t need the shit... well she couldn’t but I could have but I couldn’t, wouldn’t.  

Anyhoo...to those with months and years.... Think of how excited you were every new day you woke up clean in the infancy of your sobriety...how confident you felt with almost 2 weeks.  

And to you who is dying and struggling on day 1 or 2... legit, I was just there last week. It was hell but I lost custody of my kids, my girlfriend tried very hard to kill herself and I never thought I’d be here whining about it... it seriously took me to pretty much lose everything.... I get about 5 minutes a week on the phone with my kids and attempt to visit my girlfriend at the hospital daily but I’m on other peoples schedule that doesn’t work out so well. Never thought to would be me. I gotta prove to the world all day every day the old me isn’t the new me... it’s a fight, it’s a struggle that I just wanna say fuck it and give up on but to me those 12 days mean something. "
}
{ "author" : "irishbreakfastea",
"date" : "05/12/2018, 03:39:49",
"selftext" : "I am writing this because I am scared.   Scared because alcohol has caused so much damage in my life, to my relationship, to my overall well being.  And yet I can't seem to get away from it.  I've went to rehabs, AA, support groups, harm reduction groups, therapists, and the like.  I even majored in Psychology in college and graduated with a senior thesis focusing on alcoholism. 

I am probably no different than any of you.  But I am here to get your support.  I am a 30 year old man, engaged to a wonderful, supportive woman who means everything to me.  We want to have a family and grow old together.  Yet I know that my alcohol problem is interfering with everything that I hold dear.   

My fiancee and I live in different countries right now, which allows me to drink with impunity.  But very soon her and I will be reunited, and I need to be the man that she deserves. That I deserve.  I know that alcohol actually isn't the problem.  I have depression issues.  I have anxiety.  I have agoraphobia.  I work in a job that doesn't fulfill me.  I don't have friends. My family is dysfunctional.  Alcohol is merely a byproduct of a very broken life.

I want to put this message out there.   I need help.  I need support.  I need encouragement.  I need to hear other people's stories.   I keep going back and forth from abstinence to binging and its killing me.   I want to be myself again.  I have quit for long periods of time before.  I have moderated before.  I know that alcohol is just the way I choose to handle stress.  When I am in a position where I am happy and content with life alcohol is a non-factor.

What worked for you?  I know from my education and experience that there is no one size fits all answer for this problem.  But I desperately need advice.  I have so much to live for.   Yet I am going back again to addictions that hurt me in the long term.  I can't stand the man I am right now.

Thanks for listening"
}
{ "author" : "Tyrlsw12",
"date" : "05/12/2018, 14:30:13",
"selftext" : "Hi all, posted here a bunch of times about my SO, his attempts at recovery etc. Last time I posted I had been involved in a crazy lie and was very upset with how tangled the web had gotten. 

I don't know what really happened yesterday but my SO was out of contact all day, he claims his cell phone was malfunctioning but I sense something else happened. Anyway, he has an amazing dog and we get along quite well, too well sometimes. SO has decided to go away to rehab and I know "our" dog would be much happier living with me instead of his parents. Do you think taking care of the dog while he is away is enabling?

I love this dog so much and I have been missing him a lot, we go on a lot of walks together, he gets me out of the house and keeps me company. He also respects me. I know this isn't your typical post, and a lot of you have probably have been in this same situation, only with children! Sorry if it seems trivial but I find myself questioning every decision I make nowadays..."
}
{ "author" : "MachineOfIx",
"date" : "05/12/2018, 20:17:13",
"selftext" : " 2 days out of detox. Getting into that place was terrifying for me. I'm a shut in (agoraphobic with seemingly life threatening panic attacks when I leave my room at home). The day I get out my wife took me to a meeting where she has a commitment. It was extremely trying to get there as I was fresh out of the detox (not rehab) and was no longer being medicated. In fact the only reason other than praying, faith and just rolling the dice hoping I didn't stroke out in panic by going out was the residual half-life of the last Librium I'd been given the day before in the facility. 

Some gentleman and his sponsor, upon learning we were married approached us after the meeting, separated us and lectured us both on how we shouldn't attend meetings together, but if we must we must sit apart, all the while with excrement devouring grins on their faces. Not a single question why we came together, just condescending haughty commandments. I took it in stride and told myself they mean well, and maybe that's part of the program. I kept my composure, shook their hands and pretended to see their wisdom, which makes me now feel less like I was being polite and more like I was being dishonest. 

I was in the program about 12 years ago and had similar experiences here and there. But this one is really rubbing me the wrong way. I'll be honest, I'm angry. Perhaps I'm not supposed to be, but I'm not going to lie to myself about it. Disheartened, I didn't go to a meeting last night out of fear the same thing would happen if I went with my wife (we only have one car, plus the agoraphobia issue), and I declined to go again with her tonight. Lying makes me feel terrible, and when I feel terrible I want to drink. 

I'm not looking for sympathy with this post. I'm suggesting that some of those in the program do a lot of talking, lecturing and not enough listening. And when mandates are delivered without a single question as I described above, it makes me wonder why some people in the program are perplexed why many people outside of the program often think of it as cult-like. 

Perhaps I'm speaking out of school, or maybe the program just isn't for me. Anyway, to repeat a familiar platitude, thanks for listening. "
}
{ "author" : "ChillbroDudeman",
"date" : "05/12/2018, 22:16:19",
"selftext" : "I apologize in advance if this gets lengthy, I just feel like I need to get this off my chest. I've been browsing here for awhile and it's been a huge help, so I made an alt to post this.

A little backstory, I've struggled with addictions in various forms throughout my whole life. I started drinking heavily and smoking cigarettes at age 16, and shortly thereafter started abusing methamphetamine on an almost daily basis, and of course being an adolescent boy who was also addicted to meth my porn habit was totally out of control, I mean I'd get all gacked out and watch porn for hours at a time. Thinking back it honestly makes me sick.

Anyway, the next 10-11 years of my life were just a blur of drug and alcohol abuse while I somehow managed to barely coast through life. I ended up going to a rehab where I got clean and sober with the help of medication as prescribed by a doctor, and I've managed to stay sober for the past 2 years thanks to my involvement in Alcoholics Anonymous, which has been a literal lifesaver.

Anyhow, one of the things that being sober thru AA has allowed me to do is have the clarity to examine other aspects of my life - early on my sponsor suggested that each year on my sobriety date, I choose one aspect of my life to improve and focus on that for the year. So year one was sobriety, obviously, year two I quit smoking cigarettes, and this year I've decided to try and quit PMO.

It's been going alright, I've had some struggles off and on, waking up pretty horny and such, but I'm usually pretty busy working at least 50-60 hours a week plus going to meetings frequently I don't have much time to think about it.

I'm approaching 30 days, and it's been mostly awesome so far, I'm finding myself sleeping better, having more energy, exercising more often, etc. I've had coworkers comment on my appearance and ask if I've been working out, saying I'm looking good, etc. which is a huge change for me.

But on top of all this going on, I've been weaning off my medication under the guidance of my doctor, who warned me when we started the process that my libido is going to come back with a vengeance - in his words, "hoo boy, watch out."

And he was right... the first year I was on the medication I had no real libido at all, and I honestly realized I had been doing No PMO hard mode by complete accident lol. I just had no desire.

But in the second year of sobriety when I started tapering off the medication I slipped back into old PMO addictive habits, which is why I realized I needed to make a conscious change. It's funny because it has opened my eyes to just how serious a problem porn addiction is. For example today I've had not much going on, and my cravings have been insane because of boredom, then when I tried to go out and meet some friends I accidentally locked my keys in my car and had to pay for a locksmith, which put me in a bad mood and immediately the cravings came back twice as strong. It shocked me, because in the past that's the exact same feeling I would've had in regards to drugs - "well, fuck this day, let's go home and get loaded."

I know I'm rambling, but it's really helping keep my mind off craving right now. There's a voice in my head saying "you have a lot going on, just relapse for now and try again once you're off the medication" but I don't want to restart my progress.

There's another part of me that feels kind of lonely and pathetic being a 30 year old guy who doesn't have much of a social life beyond work and AA meetings, and there's another little voice in the back of my head that says "you're never going to meet a girl anyway, so you might as well be content with some sort of sexual outlet."

Sigh. Anyway I'm trying my best right now. If anyone actually takes the time to read this far, know that I appreciate you and I appreciate the fact that this subreddit exists. So, thanks."
}
{ "author" : "Johnnatelate",
"date" : "05/12/2018, 23:11:15",
"selftext" : "I've been using kratom since I got out of rehab, it's helped me stay clean off harder stuff and I'm blessed for that, but I'm addicted to this shit now. I take 10-14g a day,

 about two months ago I took some naltrexone after a night of 25g and went in FULL withdrawal, my bones felt like they were breaking, I had flu symptoms, and it was one of the worst feeling days of my life. But the next day I was generally fine.

I'm down but I'm kind of worried about PAWS, and read about sleep problems up to a month off kratom, I take ambien, amitrypiline, and risperidone at night, and I think it will be fine, but what should I expect in terms of PAWS?"
}
{ "author" : "Peeweeshoop",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 00:13:30",
"selftext" : "I'm fairly sure I have it, but I don't know if it's just me.
I started having tics when I was in about 4th or 5th grade, they were only little face movements, raising my eyebrows, cocked smiles, and suddenly having my eyes wide happened all the time. The worst they ever got back then was around 6th grade when I had to violently turn my head to the left and flex my neck, and I was in a ton of pain. I lost sleep as I also had developed a vocal tic which was just grunting but it was probably the most common sound to leave my mouth every day Luckily they had seemed to go away after 6th grade.
Roughly a year went by with nothing, but then my vocal tic came back really bad. Quickly my little face tics came back, but cycled through again. This time it came with other tics. Tapping things, making multiple noises, repeating small words, inhaling and exhaling abnormally, and moving different parts of my body became normal. This never stopped again, and within the last year it's become worse actually, as I have very complex tics. An example is my breathing, sometimes when I breathe out I can't inhale until I move my head to the left and move my arms a certain way 3 times. 
I can't hide a lot of them, but people seem to ignore it for the most part. I don't want to say I have anything because I don't know entirely, though I'm fairly sure, and I probably wont be at a regular doctor's appointment anytime soon to address it.
And if it is, is it even worth addressing? Just to make sure it is or is not something else?

Just wondering what you guys think (I know people on this subreddit aren't doctors who can diagnose just from this) and if I should have it addressed by a doctor. . .

Thanks."
}
{ "author" : "staahhhpp",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 02:29:48",
"selftext" : "I'm not sure if i'm allowed to write here since i personally am not alcoholic but i felt like this is the place to post this ..so my father has been an alcoholic for a long period of time but the last couple of years were just undescribably bad ...i dont want  to go in detail too much so im just gonna say that he kept trying stopping on his own but never succeded for the long run(only a week or so ) and we always tried to  get him to go to therapy but he always got angry and didnt wanna hear it ...but today we had (or i had) a long conversation telling him how i felt . My fear of losing him and why therapy could help him (like he has nothing ro loose if he tries) .

He ended up agreeing to go to rehab and therapy and all that. Im afraid he'll change his mind but im hoping for the best because he considered it...  i really hope therapy helps .. did it help you guys "
}
{ "author" : "banananingen",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 03:52:53",
"selftext" : "I’m a 22 year old and I’ve been battling alcoholism ever since I turned 18. It runs in my family too.
I’ve been to rehab and gone to AA meetings. I was doing very well and then for some reason I picked up drinking again.
I was so sick on Thursday that I called out of my job for Friday. I wonder if they will fire me Monday 
I would drink at work all the time. 
I’m just so tired and the humiliation and hangover I feel is too much for me to bear. I still feel nausea after drinking this morning and I’m shaking. I just want this to be over.
I have no one to tell this either because my parents will worry.
I just want to get better. Thank you for reading my story. "
}
{ "author" : "Gandhi1994",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 11:27:36",
"selftext" : "Since I was born, I always dreamt about having a role model, having a masculine figure that would teach me how be a man able to face any kind of trouble in life, to be a man strong enough to be assertive and confident no matter what, sadly that dream never came true, I'm indeed a product of a single motherhood, as far as my biological dad is concerned, he has never really been around and did very little if not nothing as a dad, he finally passed away a couple of years ago, his family don't want have anything to do with me, according to them I'm a "failure".The only "man" having been present in my life was the one my mother married to 17 years ago, I'm still amazed how fast she married him \(they got married 4 months after they met\), I've been psychologically and physically abused, told time and time again I was an "accident", my mother didn't do anything to stop that and used to take his side, the reason being she was desperate and didn't want her reputation to be undermined, they got divorced in 2014.

Today I'm 24 years old and though having a degree I'm unemployed, I got no friend let alone girlfriend, I got no kids either, I've never been good at making friends. Becoming entrepreneur is therefore the first idea that went through my mind, as a loner I wanna work for nobody but myself.

However even though I'm ambitious deep down I feel empty, I feel weak, I even noticed I've been sort of feminized over the years and it pains me just how hard it is to not be able to embrace my masculinity, whenever I talk to people, mostly women, whenever I open my mouth I got this insecurity that takes over me, which affects the way I talk as well as my body language, I'm working on all that to work my situation out, but I ain't gonna lie to you it's tough, pretty much when a male figure has never been there to guide me.

No wonder why most criminals come from single motherhood, the amount of anger is such they end up killing people, like you know this society is casting fathers aside by giving women full custody and we all know where this leads : crimes, poverty and even suicides... someday I wanna write a book about that in order to let people know how meaningful it is for a child to have a father in his life.

One more thing : a mom won't ever be able to raise a boy on her own, let alone able to make him a man."
}
{ "author" : "altafullahu",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 11:38:49",
"selftext" : "It's been 10 months or so since I got out of my last relationship with my ex of 4.5 years. I don't want to get into the whole backstory (I have various posts in my history which cover that) - that's not what I am writing about here today. I am writing this to the people that are trying to heal and cannot, that are trying to move on but are unable and to those who just want their peace of mind back and cannot find it. Being the victim of infidelity changes you, deeply. The feeling is something I hope no one has to experience...the way it rewrites your mental code, changing the way you perceive and experience relationships, second guessing, trust issues, self-worth issues, honesty issues, paranoia.....the list goes on. For one person a fleeting moment of sexual bliss can turn another persons world into a fucking nightmare and soulless void. As I try to move forward over these past 10 months I want to believe that I am healing and recovering, that I have put this behind me.

The truth is, I haven't. I still cry, I still am upset at what she did to me. I thought I would be over it, I thought I would feel better if I viewed her as a vindictive and abusive ex-gf (which she was) but in my head it's not that simple. Over these past 10 months she has contacted me through 3 methods: Email, Instagram and Facebook. 

I blocked her on email first. She sent a few emails (one on Thanksgiving) and then another in December saying "she is very sorry for everything". I didn't respond and moved the folder I had made for her so all her email would get routed to it into an area of my email folders which I wouldn't see. I will delete it, I just can't right now. She sent me a message on Instagram a handful of months ago - I don't know what she is getting at or what she is trying to achieve - the message was telling me how she stopped drinking and was sober (she had a major alcohol issue) she had gotten a new job and that every day she still thinks about what she did to me and that it doesn't get easier.

I didn't respond and blocked her on Instagram.

Then no more than **ONE FUCKING WEEK AGO** I get 3 messages from her on Facebook. Same type of information, that she is still very sorry and about what she did and that she is not happy with herself and that she "trying" - whatever that means and that she "hopes the best" for me. 

I blocked her on Facebook now.

Every time I think I am good or I am better some shit like this happens and fucks me right up again. The part that I really cannot wrap my head around is how or why she still feels this way after 10 months? I honestly felt that by now she would have written me out of her life and moved on to continue her abrasive and toxic personality. I just don't know how to wrestle with this and I fucking hate it. I haven't responded to a single message because I do not want to induce this toxicity back into my life but God damn it does it make it fucking impossible to just move forward. I won't deny it, I am an emotional dude - I wear my heart on my sleeve and I like being open with people. Cutting her out of my life completely was the hardest thing I think I have ever done. I wanted to marry this woman...I dreamed about waking up next to her *every day* and that is the only thing I ever really wanted. I wanted brunch and walking around the city, I wanted cuddles and periods of silence where that spoke louder than any words and I didn't get any of that and instead am left with feeling sorrow and sadness for what once was and will never be. 

I know there's a happy future ahead of me, somewhere. I am not so down that I don't see that. It's just that I know at this point I am not ready. At this point I just want to be left alone so I can grieve but I can't tell her that because I don't even want to associate with her. People have told me:

*"it's 10 months - you should be over it by now!"*   

*"10 months? That's enough time!"*   

Fuck the people for saying that. Everyone is different, everyone heals differently and processes things differently. Everyone has a different heart and soul and handles things differently. Just because some people can get over a 4+ year relationship in &lt; 10 months doesn't mean I can. Just because her I were long distance-ish (3 hours) doesn't mean that I still don't feel sad or upset and that this pain isn't real because "LDR" - no, just....no. I am trying to get over this - do not mistake me. I am trying every fucking day but it just makes it incredibly difficult when I see messages from her like that. Why does she still feel this way? Why does she still even care enough to send me these messages when she was the one who committed the infidelity, when her herself is the one that made all this happen? Maybe that's just it, she is looking for an acknowledgement from me - that I understand she's trying? That I understand days may be "difficult for her"? 

Fuck. That.

I will not acknowledge anything from her. I did everything I could for her during our relationship. Bent over backwards only for her to get drunk every night, yell at me (we moved in together last may - July) and insult me only to "not remember anything" the next day. I am done with trying to bring any part of that back into my life. I am trying to heal not undo the work I have put in to make myself a better me. If she is looking for sympathy she won't find any here. I just hope that she gets the message by my inaction that I literally want nothing to do with her. I want to put this behind me and I need to do it in my own way and I just don't want her to be an active part of it. Every day is a new day and that's the way I am treating it but some days I have that sorrow and sadness of which I am still trying to overcome. 

For all those who have been hurt, know that each of you are your own person. Do not try to put a barometer or metric against anyone else you know and how long they took to heal and overcome - that's not how **you** heal. We face challenges and hurdles in our lives daily and how we balance them and look back on the day to assess is what really matters. I know for me it has been a little and probably will be a little longer but I am working on it. I am not forcing it and letting the process happen naturally. If you feel sad - cry. If you feel angry - scream. If you feel drained - rest. Embrace your emotions so that you can heal correctly. Do not mask them, do not hide them for an social stigma reasons. We have but one life and one body and one soul. Take care of it, nurture it and respect it so that it can be the ones that you want. Trying to force emotions or recovery when you are not ready is like putting a limb through rehab 2 days after surgery. 

Holy fuck did this feel good to write all this out. I haven't really been able to talk to anyone about this because I am not trying to burden anyone else with this. This is my problem and I must figure out how I can be better and heal first before I let others try to assist. All I want is to be happy, have a partner who is just happy to come home to me as I am to them. This will come in time and I am sure of it but I know for me to get there I need to get over this. Stay strong friends and thanks for reading. "
}
{ "author" : "pizzapjs",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 11:56:08",
"selftext" : "So this is a throwaway account because I don't want people who know who I am to see this and for anyone else to recognize me. I'm an 18 year old female and my father has been physically and emotionally abusing me since I was 4. It never occured to me before the age of 10 of how sad I felt until I just felt empty. Ofcourse I've been pretending that I'm fine, I would never want people to feel depressed around me or pity me. I never received treatment until I had turned 18. It became too horrible to bear. I was hearing voices and seeing things, I had tried to kill myself multiple times to the point where I had to be put in hospital. I jumped off the balcony of my apartment. It would've been the most ironic death because I'm terribly afraid of heights. I had been abusing hard drugs and drinking daily. I only started cutting myself after my father stopped my treatment. See, I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder with psychotic episodes and PTSD. I get constant flashbacks of my dad hurting me and the blood everywhere. The times I've screamed for help, the neighbors have stayed quiet. I don't have the guts to go to the police and child services said they'd call back in two days and they didn't. I thought after rehab I had improved, changed for the better. It just all came back. I am no longer on antidepressants because if I use the money I've saved on my own to buy em, my dad might find out and hurt me. They've kicked me on the street before and then they apologize and begged me to come back. The mind fuckery is so excruciating. My father denies hurting me, denies ever causing me pain and says that all he's done is loved me. I realize now, that I want to jump again but I won't, I won't do drugs again or cut myself. I don't hear voices but I feel so low. So empty and numb, because everyday is the same abuse. There is no way out, and tbh I don't think there ever will be. The times I've tried to run away, he's sent police out to find me. There is no closure, there is no escape from him. And no escape from the depression. I still have nightmares each night of when he stabbed me and kicked me on the floor until I was bruised and bleeding. I have no where to go...please help me. I can't be strong anymore...it's been almost 19 years and I'm a shivering mess. I'm so scared, I'm so scared. There is no hope, I've kept hope for as long as I could and I thought by the time I graduated high school that I would be safe but that's passed and I'm still here. Because I was in rehab, I missed a lot of school. I have an iq of 150 and I could barely pass. I can't get a scholarship and colleges don't care if you're smarter than the grades on a paper. We live in Asia but I don't speak my language well, I just speak English and how do I get to the US?! I was so desperate to leave that i almost moved to Japan secretly and was willing to become a US Navy general's live in slave. Please help me, I have been raped when I was 4 and my mother touched me inappropriately as well. This is too much and I don't know how longer I can live, please someone help me. I'm sorry I wrote so much but I have barely any friends and I just need somebody...i'm sorry. I feel horrible because I don't want to make people feel down but I need to let this out. He won't let me go and I'm not even crazy anymore, I feel like a robot. I feel emotionless. I don't know..."
}
{ "author" : "plumber4466",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 14:39:26",
"selftext" : "On Tuesday my wife \(married 25yrs\) is coming home.  She will have completed 28 days of rehab.  I have seen her every Sunday and will see her today.  She appears to be making great progress and is saying the right things.  I am still aware of potential manipulation etc...

My question is What advice do you have about things to do and not to do when she comes home? I have read things like Don't bring up the past, Be supportive, Don't pressure her, don't judge etc...

How do I not bring up the past? Do I just forget it ever happened? At some point I need a real apology not just and I'm sorry like she spilled water on the table.  

What should I expect from her? Should I expect that she makes a schedule of her meetings? Plans for the future etc...or is that pressuring her?

Thanks"
}
{ "author" : "plumber4466",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 14:52:07",
"selftext" : "On Tuesday my wife \(married 25yrs\) is coming home.  She will have completed 28 days of rehab.  I have seen her every Sunday and will see her today.  She appears to be making great progress and is saying the right things.  I am still aware of potential manipulation etc...

My question is What advice do you have about things to do and not to do when she comes home? I have read things like Don't bring up the past, Be supportive, Don't pressure her, don't judge etc...

How do I not bring up the past? Do I just forget it ever happened? At some point I need a real apology not just and I'm sorry like she spilled water on the table.  

What should I expect from her? Should I expect that she makes a schedule of her meetings? Plans for the future etc...or is that pressuring her?

Thanks"
}
{ "author" : "motherofxmen",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 15:20:41",
"selftext" : "So can I vent here? I sure hope so because I’m going to. First time poster. I had to get up the courage to say anything. Sorry if this isn’t allowed. 
   So my husband is an alcoholic.  I can’t even describe the feeling I had when I realized he was and that I was enabling. I’d say it was a mixture of disgust with myself and him and just sadness. Now I’m mostly just sad. 
   Three years ago he checked his self into rehab.  5 days later he walked out. He said he wasn’t as crazy as the people there so he obviously didn’t need it. That I just didn’t understand. 
  Then we tried his regular dr. She was a a great doctor if a great doctor just shoved some pills at you and tells you that it will be all good if you just take these. So now he’s taking antidepressants and hiding his drinking. Yay me right! I thought wow this is really working. We are really gonna be ok. Then I found his stash of empty cans in his truck and went through the bank statements. I’m feel stupid. No wonder we didn’t have any extra money. He spent 800 bucks on beer in a month. 
  Then last month he has an awakening? Epiphany? A sober fucking thought? He realizes he really is an alcoholic and he really can’t stop. Cue the drama. He starts binging. And I mean falling down drunk by 3 in the afternoon and passed out by 7. But he is asking for help. Surely someone asking for help is serious. So I start jumping through the hoops. Get him in rehab again. Only this time we put him in a different state than us where he knows no one and can’t just leave. Super happy. He seems to be doing what he should and he sounds much better on the phone after a month there. I’m optimistic about this time. I’m looking forward to him coming home for the first time in a long time. 
  So why am I still so mad? Why are my feelings still hurt? I miss him terribly and as much as I want him home, and am looking forward to him coming home, I still don’t want him home. Why did he have to go to rehab for them to tell him the exact same things we have been saying at home? I feel like he has wasted my time and that this will just be another waste. I feel cheated on. It’s almost the exact same feeling. It may not be a woman, but it’s the same thing. He has taken time from us and our family for something he would rather be doing. And now that he is in rehab, I’m expected to forgive and forget. Nobody and I mean nobody understands why rehab hasn’t just made me a happy little camper. Nobody gets that while I am proud of him and have real hope that he is done, it hasn’t even begun to fix the problems in our relationship. Rehab is not going to fix the fact that he cheated and couldn’t remember it. That he knocked me down and can’t remember it. It’s not going to change the horrible things he has said to me and the kids that he doesn’t remember. Rehab is not going to fix the fights when he passed out in the living room. It won’t fix the neglect of our family or our relationship. You can’t give me back the time I have wasted. And that pisses me off more than I can say. 
  How can I celebrate with you when my world is still fucked up? When I’m bearing the brunt of all the responsibility? When you haven’t been there for me emotionally for years but I’m just expected to be your shoulder to cry on? Go cry on someone else. I don’t care anymore. I’m tired of this. I’m tired of the ups and downs. I’m tired of being there for him while he drinks his life away and goes through this cycle. And nobody gets that. 
  I guess I just needed to get that out of me. I appreciate this place being here. Thank you for this. "
}
{ "author" : "zlzl",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 15:34:18",
"selftext" : "Is there a medication that helps with severe depression that isn't an SSRI? I see doctors and they just put me on different variants of it... Zoloft, lexapro, etc. And they make me suicidal. When I'm not on them, I'm depressed. When I'm on them I panic and feel suicidal. I just want to feel normal.

Xanax and lorazapam work, but I don't want to become addicted and eventually have to go to rehab to get off them.

Currently I take around 5-10 benedryls a day and night to dull myself.

Is there anything else?"
}
{ "author" : "RETIREDBLCKOUTARTIST",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 18:05:51",
"selftext" : "My first time in rehab was a little over two and a half years ago.

Going in I obviously knew nothing about addiction or alcoholism \- I truly believed I drank because I liked it and I couldn't stop because I was weak. This is probably where a lot of us start.

At the time I was still in a long term relationship \(toxic but I couldn't see it\), had a good career, nice condo and two dogs. Alcohol had me on my hands and knees \(literally\) and I was slowly dying but other than that my life didn't look that bad from the outside. In treatment I met people far worse off from homeless to court ordered and when I heard their stories I felt guilty for being there because I wasn't "that bad".....YET

I haven't been arrested, yet. I haven't been forcibly committed to psych wards and hospitals,  yet. I've never faced real health or life consequences from my drinking, yet. I haven't been truly depressed and suicidal, yet.

Since then I have done all of the above and more. 6 rehabs and 3 sober living houses, seizure from withdrawal, more ambulance bills and hospital stays than I can count. Broken hand punching a cop during one of my many arrests. Alcohol cirrhosis and broken ribs. Lost my relationship, dogs, drivers license \(from seizure\),  career and damn near my mind, my family and my life. 

I now sit here exactly like the recovered alcoholics had told me back then about how bad things will get if you are alcoholic and do not seek help. I spent this passed Christmas in jail arrested for public intoxication and then rearrested while in jail for assault on another "inmate". I posted bail walked into a wine store at 10:02am and walked out with 2 bottles. I had no ID or cell phone or money nor did I care at all about the future. I drank the two bottles in the taxi home planning to book a trip to Mexico and end it all in a blur of hookers n blow. If it wasn't for my friend and whoever put him in my life to drop everything and drive down to me I wouldn't be typing this right now.

That spree went a couple more weeks until my friend manged to get my formed for 72 hours and it was exactly what I needed. He had taken me to the hospital prior but I would pull my own IV's out and leave. I spent those 72 hours really deciding whether I wanted to die or give recovery an honest go.

My friend picked me up from the psychward on the condition that I attend 1 meeting a day \(he had spent those 72 hours speaking to doctors, counselors and AA\) and took me from the hospital straight to a meeting. I've gone from hating AA to looking forward to it. I let my ego go and asked for help.

My life has gotten better 10 fold since I made that decision. It has NOT been easy \- I was close to 3 months and slipped \- I'm currently 43 days sober but in a far better mindset than ever in my recovery. When I slipped instead of self hate and pitty pot snowballing into a full out run, I went back to AA the next day and tried to figure out why it happened. Relapse is a part of recovery \(but it doesnt have to be!\). If you fall learn and get back up.

This has been a long rant and my first post here. I've been a long\-time lurker but I haven't been to a meeting in a few days and figured this would help \(it has\).

Make your sobriety your number one priority and realize NOTHING gets better picking up. Anything alcohol hasn't already taken from you is just on loan from the bottle its waiting to collect.

Meditate, get out of your own head and enjoy the gift sobriety offers. This too shall pass and it WILL get better.

Thanks for the read "
}
{ "author" : "lostinsaudade",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 19:14:59",
"selftext" : "It all started 3 weeks ago when my sister got arrested. Thankfully, shes in a rehab center right now. She was caught with drugs and I basically lost all contact with her right now. My family had to move from europe, where we resided for 5 years, to the middle east, where I am from. I have lived abroad my entire life so I don't really 'fit in' anywhere. My mom took my cell phone away after reading some chats I regret sending on my phone. I basically talked about sex which I shouldn't have. I know im a crazy person, I lie about a lot of things in order to make people like me. That's basically what made me send the texts my mom saw. I said I had 'done things too' although I haven't, with the intent of being cool of course. My mom thinks im evil, my dad said he wants to disown me and he hates me and I have basically 0 friends. I can't contact anyone because my phone is taken away. I have no one who cares enough to contact me anyway. I feel so lost in my life. Living in europe for 5 years, and abroad for the majority of my short life, I was raised in a western enviornment, thus I did things that western people considered normal. I tried smoking weed, smoked cigs, but thats basically it. My parents hate me for that. They think I caused my sister to get so deep into drugs because I didn't stop her or tell on her. I just feel so sad and lost. I wake up everyday knowing my mom is depressed because of my sisters situation. I have no one to talk to, like ever. I feel so lonely and depressed. I dont know what to do anymore. "
}
{ "author" : "yy99",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 19:59:30",
"selftext" : "Hey everyone, I usually post on /r/NEET but I decided to share how I believe being diagnosed with Asperger's \(as well as anxiety and depression\) has made me an unsuccessful adult, despite my best efforts to be a "normal" person. I was diagnosed at age 5 and I am now 24, and I understand that there are worse things you can be diagnosed with than Asperger's, but for me at least, the terrible thing about having Asperger's is truly believing that you have what it takes to be a "normal" productive member of society, but not actually being able to do it because of societal factors that are out of your control. I know of people who were in rehab, basically made every bad life decision you could make, and still ended up having a decent job, friends, and a relationship. Meanwhile, I have a university degree, made decisions that successful adults would consider to be the "right" decisions, and yet I've been unemployed for 3 years, and have literally no social life to speak of. 

I know life was never meant to be fair, but when you begin to understand the disadvantage having this disorder puts you at it really is depressing. There's a reason why approximately 35 percent of individuals with Asperger's are attending college, but yet people with Asperger's have a 75\-85 percent unemployment rate. The average person underestimates how important social skills and being able to interact with others naturally like a "normal" human is, but when you lack that ability you are truly screwed in our society.

The really sad thing is there is hardly any help for adults with Asperger's. It seems like as soon as you turn 18 society forgets you exist and already expects you to be able to be a "normal" person. Unfortunately for many of us this is when our problems begin to get a lot worse. There are some work readiness programs for people with Autism, but many of these problems focus on individuals with medium functioning Autism who want to work for minimum wage and learn basic social skills so they can reach that goal. For people like myself who understand social skills in theory, and know they are capable of doing much more than working for minimum wage, there is nothing. 

The problem is employers want to hire people they view as confident, high energy, and in general fun to be around. When you have Asperger's, \(especially combined with anxiety and depression like I do\), this is literally impossible. I can pretend to be the characteristics viewed as positive by potential employers, but I still come across as awkward, not being genuine and in general very low energy and boring thanks to my monotone voice which is out of my control. I feel like next time I should just tell employers at interviews that "to be honest I do have Asperger's syndrome which can make it difficult for me to interact with others at times, but despite this, I truly believe that having Asperger's also will make me a harder worker than the other people applying for this job, as I am eager to prove myself, take pride in my work, and am more than qualified for this position". Unfortunately I believe if I said this I'd immediately be taken off of a company's hiring list as soon as I said that word Asperger's.

I don't really know what else to say other than I'm tired of the same thing over and over. I know that I am intelligent enough and a hard enough worker to be able to have a respectable job. I know that I am attractive and interesting enough to be in a relationship with something. I know that I am adventurous enough and kind enough to be a good friend, but I can't do any of these things because of the expectations that society puts on social skills. The thing about Asperger's is there is literally nothing wrong with many of us, it's just our society that makes a problem out of it. I truly believe that the world would be a much better place if everyone had Asperger's.

To end this post I'd like to say one more thing about the successful people with Asperger's. because I know that there a few of them out there. I've noticed that nearly all of these people have a special interest that society values, combined with well above average intellect, and a social network that began through family connections. Unfortunately it seems like to me that for us to be on the same level of success as a "normal" person we need to have these three characteristics just to be able to complete with "normal" people."
}
{ "author" : "Indrid_Kold",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 20:19:57",
"selftext" : "Okay, I guess I should start with some history. I was first introduced to hydrocodone by a friend's mom when I was 14. I smoked weed back then but we couldn't find any, so she gave me some of her pills as a substitute. To make a long story short, 3 years went by and there wasn't a day I didn't use oxy or some form of opiate (whatever I could find) and back then, they were everywhere.

Anyways, after an extremely terrifying overdose at age 17, I opened my eyes and I had just had enough. I was tired of it all. So, I ended up in a rehab and went there for a year. Got clean (other than smoking cigarettes) and stayed clean, even managing to kick cigarettes about 4 years ago. Life was pretty good, I guess. Ups and downs but I truly believed I would never have an opiate addiction again.

So fast forward to two years ago. I met a beautiful girl that I felt was way too good for me, but she liked me a lot so I felt pretty great about things. We moved in together and she had just had surgery on her tonsils, and she had a bottle of liquid hydrocodone that she didn't want. 

So one night, we were playing games and I had a headache, and I had always sworn to not use any opiate again but we were having a good night and I thought "Well, I have been clean for 12 years, I can handle a little buzz and kill my headache too. It'll be a good night and that's it."

Well, obviously I was entirely wrong on that assessment. I ended up taking her whole bottle over the course of a few days, but that wasn't enough. I started doing shady deals again to get more pills and I stayed high for two months, but then I realized what I was doing. I realized my addiction had me again. I felt a rush of extreme fear and anxiety. I had let everyone down after so long. I was disgusted with myself, was ashamed.. just sad.

So, after realizing that, I decided that was it. I was quitting right then. Sadly, I wasn't strong enough, my anxiety, restlessness, everything piled on me and I gave into it. It felt like I had been on oxy again for years. I was amazed at how bad my symptoms were just after a few months of daily use. 

So, I looked up on how to get help getting off of opiates and came across the K Reddit. Everyone was saying such great things about how it solved their problems, helped with pain, how you couldn't OD on it, it was "all natural", etc. So I decided to give it a shot, and I will say this, it was pretty miraculous how much it killed any craving for an opiate and I felt like I had got my life back. I'd watch TV, play games, chat with friends and have a great time and I fell in love with it. Nobody questioned it because I told them all the same thing. It's "all natural" plant matter, nothing to worry about.

But then, I was using every day, multiple times a day. I'd go through an ounce in a day easy. Although it's hard to tell what my exact usage was, I know I would go through a kilo in about 2 weeks at my worst points. I continued this for a little over a year and a half. Then, I started to notice my hair was really brittle and I had so many strands coming out in the shower (still unsure if this was the use of K or the lemon juice I was drinking with it every day). Then, I started noticing I hadn't even had a sexual thought for months, I just didn't care. I didn't care about anything anymore. I was also shaky and weak as hell all the time. Then I realized what was once a "savior" for me had turned out to be something a little more sinister and I just couldn't do it anymore.

So, I am at day 13 clean now after an ultra fast taper. I can't speak for everyone, but I will say that for me, the hell I went through the first 4-5 days were quite honestly worse in some aspects than what I went through with other opiates. The anxiety was absolutely debilitating for me, the restlessness, the depression. I wanted an out and even considered suicide (I have been put into institutions previously for suicide attempts), so I have bouts with suicidal thoughts and depression as it is. 

What's the point in all of this? I don't know. I guess I just wanted to get a lot off of my chest. I can say that when I wake up, I don't feel terrible anymore (some days are better than others). I feel glad to feel that way, and I have a lot of problems I need to confront, but I am not content with running from them anymore. I want to solve these issues instead of running from them everyday like I did with opiates and K. 

I know this isn't the best formatted or well written piece, if you made it this far, I really appreciate your time. If you are struggling with quitting, just see it through. You WILL come out of it, even though it is literal hell on earth. Sounds funny, but I would be having my worst days, and I would punch myself in the chest and just think to myself "This shit can't beat you, nothing can beat you." and it seemed to help me sometimes to just FIGHT back. 

I also want to add that I am not sure if it was only K withdrawal I experienced or if it was a combination of K and the opiates I had put off W/Ding from with K. Hard to say, all I know is that it for me was a nightmare I couldn't wake up from for a solid 5-6 days. I would read this forum at times and I really do thank you guys for sharing some of your stories, because it really did help me in times of great despair. Thank you."
}
{ "author" : "purplepickles82",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 21:14:33",
"selftext" : "First time post in this forum...long story short, I’ve struggled for a few years with emotions and alcohol.  I lost my whole family one by one from 25-29.  So my support is pretty much nil.  I decided exactly a year ago today to do in patient rehab for alcohol and coke.  Well a year out, I am much better but have indulged a few times.  I no longer feel that guilt the day after, I reason with myself because of progress...if that makes sense.  Can I ask how you found ur home groups?  I’m a single mother, no family, no support who doesn’t want to go back to the dark side.  I don’t agree w all of the aa god stuff but I have seen it’s results and there isn’t much smart recovery in my area.  From what I have read, that’s “iffy”.  Can anyone relate?  I’m in Bergen county, nj.  Can anyone recommend anything?  As always thanks to the reddit community, it always has a great heart!  "
}
{ "author" : "w0rk0ut3r",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 21:24:06",
"selftext" : "Let's get this over with.

I'm ALMOST 15, live in Europe and I'm ~~kinda~~ *very* akward in real life. I speak English, Polish and Norwegian. I like/enjoy:

- Reading - mostly thrillers/criminals, but I don't really care as long as the book is good.

- Sports - I do basketball, but I also hit the gym every now and then.

- Music - Basically hard rock, you can see my playlist if you want to.

I'd preferably talk to people around my age. I'm on Snapchat/Discord/Kik.  

I think that that's it. If there's more that you'd like to know, just hmu.
"
}
{ "author" : "purplepickles82",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 21:40:14",
"selftext" : "First time post in this forum...long story short, I’ve struggled for a few years with emotions and alcohol.  I lost my whole family one by one from 25-29.  So my support is pretty much nil.  I decided exactly a year ago today to do in patient rehab for alcohol and coke.  Well a year out, I am much better but have indulged a few times.  I no longer feel that guilt the day after, I reason with myself because of progress...if that makes sense.  Can I ask how you found ur home groups?  I’m a single mother, no family, no support who doesn’t want to go back to the dark side.  I don’t agree w all of the aa god stuff but I have seen it’s results and there isn’t much smart recovery in my area.  From what I have read, that’s “iffy”.  Can anyone relate?  I’m in Bergen county, nj.  Can anyone recommend anything?  As always thanks to the reddit community, it always has a great heart!  "
}
{ "author" : "hkdjhfshfs",
"date" : "05/13/2018, 23:06:06",
"selftext" : "i have dealt with this almost my whole life. being know as a let down a fuck up never good enough to be apart of my family. it started when i turned 14 i am 16 now \(almost 17 in july\). most my life that i can recollect is constant "why cant you do anything right why are you such a fuck up you never appreciate anything i do for you. all you are is a sad sack of shit". a couple times he has gotten so mad he will hit me. i am afraid and really just wanting to kill myself. i started to smoke pot to ease the pain but i recently  started to go through and pay for the rehab for myself. i always had good grades in school i am on track to graduate. i am really considering suicide and wanting to end this life of hell. i never ever told i did anything good for myself. my dad also uses my depression against me cause he finds it as weakness he likes to exploit that. i have taken up crying in my room late at night so no one can see me. i really feel as there is only one way out of this i really cant take this pressure and criticism.  "
}
{ "author" : "CuentaPaNada",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 00:51:18",
"selftext" : "Ok, so this’ll be long, I’m sorry.

I’m a 27YO female. Not from the US (sorry for my English).
I’ve been suffering from depression since I was 15, at 20 I started numbing all the pain with ambien and pain killers, it didn’t work, I tried to commit suicide but since I can do anything right, of course I survived. Since then I went to rehab and eventually back to school, I never told anyone this, but I never stopped using the pain killers, I needed them to control my anxiety, and well, depression never went away, but I hid it pretty well because all I wanted was to graduate and make my family proud and happy... last October I was 6 weeks shy of finishing university, just 6 weeks and I’ll be receiving my diploma.
But of course stuff like that doesn’t happen to me... I was too depressed, I was suicidal again, but this time, for the first time, I asked for help, from my family and professional help with a psychiatrist. But what to me was the right choice (taking some time off school and try again when I was feeling better) to my family it was the biggest mistake and the worst thing I could do to them. 
So, I resumed school in February, obviously not ready, but I just wanted to stop hurting my family, but nothing good can come out of a depressed person that’s trying but a the same time feels tied, and her mind is always screaming: you can’t do this, you’re a failure, remember?

So the 2 months that I was supposed to make up for and graduate, now have turned into 5, because I failed the first 2, and now I’m failing this one too. And the thing is, I’m trying! I swear I am, but I don’t know, it’s not enough, I’m just not enough. 
And I can’t disappoint my parents anymore and go to them and tell them that I failed again. Literally can, because besides all of this, my father went into bankruptcy in January, we’re barely surviving and of course they need me to finish school so that I can start working.
This is a daily struggle. And everyday I wake up and tell myself that this is the day that I’ll be courageous enough to do it, to kill myself.

But... Surviving again, failing a 2nd time... that has kept me from doing it, this week I’ve been to the highest floor of where I study... but it’s stupid, it’s in front of a hospital. 
And then I’ve been thinking about jumping in front of a train, but that just reminds me of a conversation I hado with someone who used to be my friend, one day I had had enough and I went into the train platform, I was serious about it, but as the train came, my father called me, and I don’t know, that made me stop, so I go back to my car (yes, I was in my car and I purposely drove to a train station) and called this friend to ask for help, all she said was: if you’re going to do it, find another method, don’t ruin the conductor’s life and traumatize the people that were just waiting for a train. Don’t be selfish. 
She was right, I know. 
But she could also offer help, I don’t know, I always expect so much from people just because I’ll be willing to do anything for them. If a friend of mine or a family member called me and he/she was in my situation, I’ll drop everything and run to them, but apparently that’s only me.
Ok, I’m losing the point here, the thing is that the train is a really secure choice, but I can’t kick my friend’s words out of my head. So option discarded
Pills... pills... I tried pills last time. I made sure to take a dosage well above the lethal dose, I woke up as if nothing had happened (except that I was now hospitalized and they sent me to rehab the next day) so, I don’t trust them anymore.

So, it goes back to hanging... I already have the means, I already tried the knots, so much that I actually ended up with a bruise on my neck- my mom pointed out for me, telling me that I look like if someone had tried to kill me (yes mom, me) I felt bad that not in a million years she would imagine why I have this bruise.
I know that I should ask for help, and believe me, sometimes I want to. But I can’t come to family and tell them this, they won’t believe me and think is just a trick to not finish school. And even if they did, I will only be adding more problems to the ones they have right now, I’m already a problem to them, and they suffer too much because of me, I can’t keep on doing that.

The reasons why I wanna do it are a lot, starting with physical pain and lots of emotional pain. 
I know this would hurt my family, but in the long run, they’ll be better off without me, I won’t be a burden anymore, and that gives me so much peace. And thankfully I don’t have many friends, or well, I don’t even have friends anymore, so I won’t be hurting other people
I now know that I have a method that will probably work, and it’s all I can think about right now. But if I stay my life will always be a repetition of this, depression-suicidal-lives an other day- depression- suicidal- etc. And I don’t think that’s a life worth living. And the main reason why I won’t stay is because I know I’m failing again and I can disappoint them like that. I just can’t 

Anyway, thank you for reading, I just needed to get this out of my chest.
I’m such a coward, but I hope I can get some courage and go through with this. It’ll be the best for all "
}
{ "author" : "PrahblyDrunk",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 02:06:35",
"selftext" : "I've lurked for about a year with no comments or posts because I know I don't have it as bad as most people on this sub. I'm young and don't even drink 1/4 as much daily as most of you seem to have before hitting rock bottom. I've never been forced to go to rehab and I get by fine in school (albeit with a shitty 2.3). 

But I'm sick of feeling like I can't just live with myself, as is. 

I'm really just posting this rant to try and hold myself more accountable, if that makes sense.

In any case, IWNDWYT"
}
{ "author" : "Atizva",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 03:10:45",
"selftext" : "Hey everyone. Today was a bit harsh. I have urges from time to time. Happy mothers day. 

I think today was very necessary and will be a remarkable day in my life. PMO makes me such an asocial being. Today is the day I decided to speak. My mother and I don't communicate that much. Now we are trying to fix this by getting to know each other better.

I'd like to talk to you about a scenario that happend to me when I was in the metro today; as a fapstraunot on rehab I get distracted when I see an attractive woman. But I've come to realize, it's because I can't make the difference between both: the desire of having sex &amp; beauty. You see beauty is something that exists, nature made beauty. But the desire to have sex has nothing to do with that. I get attracted very easy when I see beauty. And that the thing I should change. I can see the beauty in a womans body, but I have to halt the non-sense desire of it. I believe that making love, is to be done with Love. Not by a desire that I have no control of, that makes no-sense.

I went to the swimming pool today. Not to swim but to take a leak. Not easy to find a spot sometimes ;) they don't have that in Google maps :D. So while I'm getting to the washroom there was this little girl maybe 4 years old, trying to jump from a high height. I got afraid that's something could happen to her. I saw how dangerous it was. She could have had serious injuries. But what surprised me, nobody cared about her. I started to play with the girl in order to make sure she'll be okay, her mom took the part. She was glad that I cared about her little girl while she wasn't in watch of her. She said that I've acted like her older brother. This is a little thing that warms my heart and  creates happiness in me. I get anxious about them even when they're not my children. Yes I am someone that loves people. I choose to care or not to care. But I will always love people. God I'm blessed about this.

Atizva.
"
}
{ "author" : "DanielFryan",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 04:01:58",
"selftext" : "title says it all. just checkin in...

i'm on hour 30 or so of w/d in the hospital. luckily i had a 100mg edible, 1.5mg xan, and 10mg ambien. ambien and .5mg xan were courtesy of the hospital, the other 1mg xan and edible obviously were night.  i have 2 8mg suboxone strips, and 1 8mg subutex pill to power me through monday and tuesday.

i'm done, guys. i was just in rehab from feb-march. relapsed shorty after getting out and been on a bender since. i don't have another recovery in me, i really don't.


edit**** --- meant to say i'm a 6 year H user, all 6 years my roa was insufflation. besides shooting a few times. then another 1.5 years before H came into the picture i tried just bout every opi under the sun. so really this has been goin on for 8 years. i'll be 31 this year and i need to get my fkn life together!"
}
{ "author" : "Fogandfireandrain",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 06:36:49",
"selftext" : "I forgot i was an addict

Yeah, so, I realized I was an addict a while ago after getting arrested, dumped, and suspended in the same weekend and finally being like “wait” and so I got clean of pills and got my life together right and then I was like cool goin’ back to school

Well a lot of ppl really didnt take kindly to what I thought was a sort of Lazarus effect and it was hard to deal with. I did really well for a while but towards the end of this year I started smoking a lot of weed and drinking because I was like “it isn’t pills so its fine everything is fine” and then everything was very much not fine because I forgot I was an addict after what I thought had been a year and a half of sobriety. 

Woops. 

Gonna have a good vacation and spend time with my family and friends and probably either go to rehab or spend some time in counseling + working for a while.

Feels good to admit that. 

One day at a time, y’all."
}
{ "author" : "Narco105",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 07:17:29",
"selftext" : "
I'm 27 and just finished more or less a 2 week bender drinking some of the heaviest I've ever done. By the end of it I was probably at a fifth a day. Don't really remember the exact amount. I quit cold turkey five days ago and definitely had the shakes and two sleepless nights followed by wild anxiety. It was hell, and I've been here before several times (probably 8-10 times in WD's since 22, but with shorter benders than this) so kindling is definitely a factor as well. Wouldn't ever wish it on my worst enemy. 

Part of what makes WD's so bad is that you read all these articles about people my age seizing and having heart attacks/strokes/DT's. I'm a big guy and have a high tolerance but I'm otherwise healthy, but I've never gotten any of those - and I swore that after this big of a bender with these kind of amounts I would for sure have something more serious. I know I'm playing with fire and I know they get worse the older you get and longer you do this. 

So what gives? Are seizures and DT's in your twenties not as common as rehab facilities would have you believe - despite drinking an insane amount or going on benders? Don't get me wrong, I'm still sleeping like shit and my anxiety is up still on day five but the shaking has long stopped and I'm more or less clear headed aside from the anxiety. Do some people just not get them this early? I'm not looking for an excuse to continue - I've already entered counseling and I'm wanting to nip this in the bud - I'm just really curious what your guys' experiences have been. "
}
{ "author" : "WorldzBestSoccerMom1",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 10:37:12",
"selftext" : "So I am thinking about seeking treatment at rivermendhealthcenters.com because everything I try on my own isn't working. Has anyone had success with rehab?"
}
{ "author" : "FWSage",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 12:52:15",
"selftext" : "So Wednesday will be week 2 for him. My 15 yo son and I visited Saturday. Lunch, alanon meeeting (without him), then more visiting. After 15 years (entire marriage) of problem drinking / many many MANY (failed) attempts at moderation, this was it. I was leaving. I was at peace with that. Well, as luck would have it he hit his rock bottom just as I was beginning to seriously look into filing for divorce. we managed to get him to rehab. 30 days. he is now ALL IN for sobriety apparently. He sounds like a motivational speaker. He is like over the top positive and onboard with never drinking again. It’s weird bc that’s what you hope for sending someone to rehab. But I’m slightly *irritated* and understandably guarded about being too excited. So, yay. We will see how the next few months go."
}
{ "author" : "ruxin93",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 12:59:12",
"selftext" : "She's had enough of my drinking and finally last night told me she wants to split up. She wants me to go to rehab and as much as I love her and want to do everything I can to keep her 90 days away from work the gym and my kids just seems impossibly hard. I know it would be better for me and everyone else in my life in the long run I just feel I will miss so much and fall behind so hard that honestly dying sounds better. I'm just so hopelessly depressed which leads to drinking and more depression. I'm a wreck and have to leave for work in a few minutes and I don't know what I'm even going to come home too. I'm so terrified she's just going to be gone and that rehab might be the only way to save us I just don't know if I can do it."
}
{ "author" : "poffin",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 14:38:35",
"selftext" : "I couldn't think of a better term to use than what's in the title, but man, sometimes addict advocates really get to me. I get it, they're there to help the addict, and not the loved one of the addict. And that often means pressuring the loved one to take on a lot of responsibilities.

I hate that if I call someone asking for information and it doesn't result in committing my A to rehab, I get hounded via phone for days. I hate that I have to justify not hopping onto the rehab carousel for the 5th time. I hate that according to those people, there are no other options. I hate the guilt I feel every time I'm asked "why didn't you ___?" as if I exist to get my A healthy.

They don't realize it, but they absolutely subtly push the narrative in my head that says, "there is always more you can do.""
}
{ "author" : "ice_jj",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 14:52:55",
"selftext" : "It was my first year at a university. I transferred there from community college. I wanted to stay in a dorm to give me the freshman experience. So it felt like it was my freshman year too.

*Some background* 

I smoked weed all throughout high school starting in 8th grade. It didn’t really get heavy , meaning I smoked a lot alone, until the end of sophomore year. Freshman year I smoked with so many people that my parents sent me away for a few months. The rest of high school I stayed stoned.

After high school I went to community college and worked a job. I still kept smoking every day. Finally this school year I started off by trying to stay sober. But eventually I got sucked back in and started using every day.

I don’t know why but whenever I use every day my life starts to dwindle. It’s like I lose all ambition and focus on the high life. This past semester I blew off school assignments and failed tests because I didn’t seem to care.

So I didn’t actually have weed but rather weed oil cartridges. It seemed more discreet in a dorm but it was way too easy to get stoned. I ended up getting high before class, eating, working out, going out, even taking tests. 

I still made a few  social connections but I feel I could’ve made more if I was sober. I didn’t really try to talk to my roommate because I was fine being isolated and high. He wasn’t really into the weed so I didn’t really talk too much to him. He seemed to have more ambitions for school.

Yesterday I hit up my friend to get weed. He has recently been in rehab and been on/off harder drugs (xans, coke) since high school. He basically told me that he’s quitting weed too. This shocked me as he had been smoking longer than me and dropped out of college. But it made me thing that maybe it’s time to move on with it too. 

It seems a lot of my friends are moving on from weed. It was a fun thing to do a lot back in high school for them but not as much anymore. I’m like one of my only friends who chooses to use everyday and I feel weird. I don’t want to be that kid who is always high in social situations. "
}
{ "author" : "The1983",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 14:55:24",
"selftext" : "Ok so I’ve been an alcoholic for more than ten years now, last year was detox and rehab closely followed by relapse central with a fellow inmate of detox which lead to his death! 
After that of course I went mad with the drinking as I had a huge justification due to my boyfriends death. Then it starts to take its eventual toll on my body. No appetite, tired all the time, not to mention no money or proper social life (I drink alone). I begin vomiting blood and end up in hospital, each time they detox me, I swear I’m done and try and get on with my life. I always go back to drink though like a person with low self esteem goes back to an abusive boyfriend. 

Last Tuesday I wake in the middle of the night and the familiar vomiting of blood happens except it’s A LOT! I don’t even have time to hide the empty bottles of wine I just call for an ambulance. I carry on being sick a lot to red clots and start to feel weird...I’m dying, I just know it! 

I get to the hospital and I’m being sick black liquid, it seems to be calming down and phew I think, a few days on a ward and I’ll be ok. Then comes a huge amount of bright red blood, at least two pints then everyone is rushing around. I’m panicking and feel like passing out. Machines are beeping loudly and then they’re rushing me through the hospital corridors to the resuscitation room. I’m grabbing every doctor or nurse and pleading with them not to let me die. I’m given a general anaesthetic then all of a sudden I’m waking up and they say they’ve saved me and stopped the bleeding. 

I spend the night in the Intensive care unit then transferred to a recovery ward. I just got home after 5 days. The image of all that blood will haunt me forever, they’re even talking about specialist procedures in a liver unit to fix the damage I’ve caused by drinking. IM DONE! I’ll be in a coffin if I carry on. I’ve taken it too far. 

The craving has already set in, I’m detoxed so I don’t feel ill but I’m restless and bored but I just think of all that blood and how terrible I felt and I just know I have to take this one day, even one hour at a time. I can’t go back, there’s so much I haven’t done or seen. I’m only 34! "
}
{ "author" : "milkmanchip123",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 16:33:11",
"selftext" : "Hello, my first post on reddit, but after seeing r/leaves and all the support thought id give it a go. This is gonna be a long one. So, I'm from the Uk, and my weed use started casually, as in i did it id say roughly 30 times from the age of 16-19 so not frequent (still managed to get caught by my parents 3 times but thats another story for another time. However, when i went to university I obviously had more freedom, alot of spare time and a lot of people trying to sell me weed. All my friends i made smoked casually as well so i thought this is great, we'd share a 10 bag between 4 of us and get wavy. Towards the end of first year I was smoking most days but casually still with friends. Then summer came and I dont smoke when i go home out of respect for my parents and none of my friends from home really smoke either. Second year comes, over summer i tell my self im going to work hard. I bought a bong lol in the first week and all i can say is i progressed from sharing a £10 bag between 3/4 people and thinking how amazing cheap it is to get fucked up, to halfway through second year smoking 2g minimum a day to myself and about half the time maybe even 3g. Mainly all in the bong as well. I didnt notice it creeping up on me but when it came to the end of the first term of 2nd year i realised i had a bit of a weed problem  i went home and had awful withdrawals, didnt eat, didnt sleep, emotions all over the place etc. After a three weeks being clean i felt great but came back to uni and fell into the same cycle again, My tolerance would be very low and id be loving how high i was getting from my bong so i was just ripping it continuously. Then easter came, went home again same withdrawals. I actually remeber saying to a friend over easter holidays "I cant get back to that stage again". But i did.... so much so day before an exam i was smoking and i think that was the start the trigger which has led me to where i am now. I felt so stupid for smoking the night before an exam when eveyone else was revising and just thought what am i doing. Nethertheless i celebrated finishing the exam by getting hgih and carried on for another two weeks until I went home 3 days ago. I treat home almost like rehab a place to get away. I had awful withdrawls and thought to myself wtf are you doing man. I was spending over £150 on weed alone in a week and as a student thats not good. I keep walking into rooms and forgetting why i came in, all i do is smoke all day everyday, (ironic all this because im doing law), it effectively makes me depressed when im in this cycle. So first hing i did when i came back to uni was get my bong and smash it into a million pieces and threw it in the bin. I feel this was a massive step for me as I feel the bong is the main problem for me as it justs sits on my desk, like id wake up first thing in the morning and use a credit card to scrape together all weed particles/bits of thc and stuff in the grinder and hit the bong then just go back to sleep. 
So i feel getting rid of that was a huge step for me as all other times i said id stop i just went back to the bong just because it was there. Im in the middle of my exams aswell so i figured i really dont need this now. 
The thing is, I love smoking weed, i love the feeling but i know how destructive it is to me if i abuse it as i had been doing. Im 3 days clean now, and found it hard but im going to go home for a week so consolidate that. Most of my university friends smoke week but they all do it casually, couple spliffs a week sort of thing, now this may be a stupid question but would it be possible after say a month clean to be able to smoke it now and again with friends say once a week or so (NO BONG INVOLVED) as thats a big part of what my friends do, and as i said i still love getting high, or is it once an addict always an addict hah and ill fall straight back into that same position? essentially i want to know if i was to smoke again in a month or so would i be going straight back to square one? sorry for the long post i just feel its good to get this all of my chest.
thanks for taking the time to read this if you have, I will be interested and grateful for any advice or an answer to my question, and also feel free to ask me anything should you want to."
}
{ "author" : "Je_suis_prest_",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 17:31:43",
"selftext" : "Delete if inappropriate sub

Went to the E.R. with Major withdrawal on Saturday. I waited 12 hours before they were so intense I was very scared something worse was going to happen. Thought they weren't going to take me seriously, but my heart rate and blood pressure were crazy high and they took it very seriously. Was such a relief to get help and to have compassionate care. 

The first day I took 50mg at night after the hospital and slept well. I needed sleep badly. Woke up shaky and  nauseous  and took one and then 2 hours later. Didn't need one for the rest of the day. 

Today... The anxiety is there. Not bad but my mind is a bit racy and that weight on my chest feeling. The uncontrollable shakyness and hand fidgeting/jerkying is almost gone which is AWESOME!! The moments that I've programmed to think of alcohol are still there...but the thought of drinking makes nauseous. That's a really good thing. 

Anyways. Wanted to know how many of you had librium to help you through the withdrawals? Did it work for you? How long did you take it? I know it's not a long term solution. I have an appointment with a psychiatrist/substance abuse counselor next week. Really looking forward to sobriety!!

"
}
{ "author" : "JenPo",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 19:13:42",
"selftext" : "Welp, I'm coming up on two years sober now. It's all normal (no more feeling weird about turning down drinks or out of place in bars), and I take pride in being the sober person that people in my friend group and at parties can come to if they need it. I'm open about having been to rehab. I don't make a big deal about it or make it the center of my identity, but I'll talk about it if substance abuse comes up.

So I was at my second job the other day. It's a sports entertainment place that's only open a few days a week, so it's most people's second (fun) job. I guess one of my coworkers works at a steak house most of the time, because he had brought in some technically expired (but still good) food and drinks. When I said that I was hungry, he offered some of the food. And then he was like, "hey, I also have tons of expired beer! Let me load you up with some!"

And...ugh, just the thought of drinking expired beer gave me a shudder of revulsion. I immediately said "I don't drink, but thanks!" Inwardly, though, I had to laugh. I would have been ALL OVER that fucking expired beer back in the day. I would have drank it until I blacked out and gone back for more, being all proud of myself for getting it for free (even at the cost of my health and relationships, and, probably, this job). 

The guy couldn't believe that I was turning down free beer, and was like, "Well, I could just give a bunch to you and you could give it to your friends!" Again, no thanks. I won't do that to myself--WHY would I do that to my friends?!

LOL, I don't think there was really much point to this post. It's just funny musing on how different my reaction to expired beer is now, compared to what it would have been. To all the newcomers, please believe that there are great things in the future, even if it doesn't feel like it now. Happy Sober Monday to everyone here! "
}
{ "author" : "AvacadoEatingGenZer",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 21:50:08",
"selftext" : "My dad drank his way through my childhood but he went to rehab and is sober now and has remarried and has a step-kids. None of them knew him when he drank and they all think of him as a really kind, caring, smart man which he kinda is now, although there are moments when I see the old him show his face. I have very negative memories from back when he drank and it's been pointed out by the therapist I see that I likely have repressed a lot more memories since there are huge spaces of time I can't remember from back then. 

Sometimes I feel crazy when I'm with my family because no one talks about how it used to be for us prior to my dad and step-mum getting married, it's essentially treated as though nothing happened. As if all the horrible things he did never happened and he gets a happily ever after. It seems as if he has closure over all of it and doesn't care if anyone else does.  

I just feel crazy when my step family treat him as some sort of hero when all it makes me think about is the time he put his foot through my bedroom door because I was trying to hold it shut because I was a little kid and he was angry and a lot bigger than me.

The only person other than my dad that's still in my life from back then is my brother but we aren't in a place to talk about it since we were raised in an environment where expressing emotions was dangerous and we seem to act as triggers for one another for not talking about our emotions.

I'm just confused and the whole situation has my doubting myself even though I know logically those things happened.
  
"
}
{ "author" : "redbeardrob",
"date" : "05/14/2018, 23:07:55",
"selftext" : "365 days with no mind altering substances. My drugs of choice were alcohol, meth, cannabis and cocaine. I started using pot when I was 13 and by the time I was 17 I was using meth. I got sober when I was 26 by checking myself into a great rehab over a year ago. I did a 28 day program and followed up by living in a SLE for 10 months. I'm working through the steps of NA and AA and I keep a commitment and attend meetings 3 to 5 times a week. Life is so much better than it was... Getting sober has been the best decision thus far of my adult life "
}
{ "author" : "MGsubbie",
"date" : "05/15/2018, 00:02:59",
"selftext" : "(Not everything I wrote is in chronicle order.)

Since I've been 13 (I'm 31 now), I've known maybe 2.5 happy years. 

My best friend from childhood and I grew apart. I had a few friends, but I had the impression it was more that they tolerated me than they liked me. I got bullied, every year it got worse. I got bad grades in school, got in constant trouble with teachers despite the fact that really the worst that I did was not being great at following the class or doing homework on time. I never disrupted anything. The teachers sometimes got mad at me for asking legitimate questions. I had a teacher who loved taking every chance he got at putting the students down, I was his most common victim.

I did make a very close friend at 15 while I was at an international summer camp, he was from a different country though. I was able to see him from time to time, but most of our contact was online. His friendship really helped me cope with everything else that was going wrong. The last time I saw him was when I was the year before I went to college. I also got a few girlfriends in my late teens, but never anything serious and most of them were the ones to break up with me. 

Over time I heard less and less from him. Until finally he just stopped replying to my emails altogether, after months of me being the one the initiate every conversation. But I made a new best friend in college. We would live in the same building in my second year, but he dropped out and ghosted me. So I made a new best friend. And he ghosted me. So I made a new best friend. And he ghosted me. So I made a new best friend. He ended up taking advantage of me, using me as free housing and stealing some of my stuff. He did at some point give me a few hundred euros as rent, but it was nothing compared to all the extra money I spent on food, drinks, etc. Luckily, I was finally able to cut him out of my life completely.

My mom left my dad after he had an affair and went to live with another man, I went to live with her. And he was an absolute piece of shit. He treated me horribly. He was constantly insulting me, putting me down, sometimes threatening me with violence. To be fair, there were some things I had to change, but the way he went at it was horrible. And my mom, she just let it happen. Coming up with excuses for him. "Oh, he had too much too drink tonight." "But he treats me so well!" Yeah nice mom, that's exactly what battered women say. (To be clear, I don't think he ever physically hurt my mom, but he had his verbally abusive moments towards her too from time to time.)

Two of the mentioned happy years were in college though. Finally I was no longer being bullied, and there was a group of people where I felt accepted. I finally had the social life I always wanted in high school. I spent so much time on that social life that I completely failed college. I dropped out after my second year and started looking for a job. I couldn't find one in the town I lived, so I moved back in with my mother and stepdad. I got a job where I did well, but I couldn't stand to live in that household a second longer. So I moved out and went back to my previous town. (Where I went to college.) 

The relationship with my mom deteriorated even further. At some point I cut her off for a few months, because it was almost only criticism and negativity from her end, it made me feel exhausted and stressed out. She tracked me down and we had a conversation. It came down to "You're making it sound like it's all my fault." YES MOM, IT IS (was) YOUR FAULT. Things got a bit better, but it still didn't seem to register with her that I felt completely abandoned by her, that things needed to change on her end. The one thing at that point that she did positively was push me to get tested.

I got diagnosed with autism at 25. Suddenly my entire past started to make sense.

When I was in between jobs, I met a girl online. It wasn't a dating site or anything like that, but she sent me a private message, I replied, and at some point we got to talking on a daily basis. Our routine was get up, go online and immediately start talking. We took breaks to do errands, make food, etc. But we voice chatted on a daily basis. We did some NSFW stuff over webcam. We watched movies together, play some flash games together. I was able to be honest to her about everything. Talk about my emotions, mention my dreams and goals, bring up what I was ashamed of, everything. She gave me compliments and made me feel better about myself. I was always smiling because of her. She didn't live that far off, but there was a sea between us. We were both on a low income and never got to travel to each other. It might sound stupid, but she's the only girl I've ever loved. The closest thing I've gotten to a relationship was just online, how pathetic is that? After several months, she had to move away to basically the other side of the world, back to her home country. She was there on a student visa and couldn't obtain a work visa. I told her I was terrified of being ghosted again.

We talked for a few months more, but she treated me more differently with each passing day, to the point that it was like we were just platonic friends, that nothing ever happened. I wrote an email describing my feelings, how I couldn't continue like that. And that's when she ghosted me.

So basically it felt like every person I ever cared about abandoned me, and since then I feel unlovable. 

Now let's talk about jobs. I've been going from job to job, never being able to hold one down. The longest I've worked at the same place is probably about 7 months. I had one job that I actually liked. I'm massively into video games, and also into movies and TV-shows. I got a job at the entertainment section of a large chain, and was put in charge of the gaming section. So far all my jobs I just had to follow directions, but this one I was supposed to take more initiative. I didn't fulfill their expectations, and so I lost the only job I liked. This was around the time where she started ghosting me.

The two best things that happened to me, the two things that finally made me feel like my life was heading somewhere, were gone. 

I got another full-time job after that, but once again they found I couldn't work independently, so I lost that job. Literally the day after my last day there, my mom died from cancer. And I never got to resolve my issues with her.

Three years ago, I started a special program to help me find a job and help me find an employer who could work with my autism-related issues. I started an internship that would help me fill up my resume a bit and get me readjusted to working. And on the first day, I just broke down. The years of misery caught up with me. I started crying constantly. After 2 days I had to quit and I got diagnosed with depression. I went to a psychological rehab center and got some help. I got some therapy elsewhere too, but it didn't work. But slowly I felt better and better.

Then I found an employer who exclusively hires people with autism and I applied. It went pretty well, and 2 weeks ago I started what's called an assessment period. And on the first day, I broke down again. All that progress I made over the past 3 years gone.Constant crying and feeling really down. I'm biting through, but I'm so stressed out. Stressed that I'm not ready and will continue to keep crying. And the stress itself only makes me more likely to do so.

Due to my lack of a steady job, it's very hard to find someone who will rent out a place to me. I still live in housing that's actually meant for students. My studio apartment certainly isn't bad, but the walls are pretty thin and my room is at the end of the hallway downstairs, so there is a lot of noise and I can't sleep properly, which only adds to my stress.

If I work full-time again, I'll only feel that I'm just another number in the machine, just there to help the economy out. I've always seen a job as what I have so I can have a life... But I don't have a life, so what's the point? I'd spend over 40 hours a week working + commuting so I can come home and wallow in my misery.

I'm also afraid that with that amount of time spent on work, I'll be too exhausted to try to expand my social life. Going out to get to meet women, making new friends, it's going to be even more difficult. 

I do have my sister in my life, my niece/goddaughter, and I have one friend I can call close. But my friend is originally from another country and might go back there permanently. He also stays there weeks at a time every year. My sister is going to move to her husband's country in a few years, so I won't see her or my niece a lot. So I might end up all alone again. 

 But I haven't been in a relationship for years. I've been wanting affection for such a long time, just some physical contact. And sure, sex would be nice too. But just someone who puts her head on my shoulders, who would stroke my arm and tell me everything will be okay. I wanted to be married by 30, have kids by 35. I wanted a job that I'm passionate about. A good social life. A nice home.

And I have none of these things. I've been fighting for years, every year thinking "this will be the year where things will finally get better", yet that year never came. I'm just tired of it. I'm stuck in this rut. Every other part of my life sucking makes it very hard for me to improve just the one. I can't do a full-time job without a social life, I can't lead a full social life without a job, finding a serious, long-term relationship will be more difficult without financial stability. 

I'm just stuck and I don't know what to do."
}
{ "author" : "jesuswasagaymagician",
"date" : "05/15/2018, 03:00:41",
"selftext" : "I’ve had a bit of a rebellious streak growing, and I generally just didn’t care about the future. I drank too much, I smoked a lot, I pissed people off to try to get them to swing at me, I broke hearts and stranded nice people for selfish reasons. I did not give a fuck.
 
I had many run-ins with the police, but never did any hard crimes or jail time. I’m witty and quite cerebral when I’m not drunk or high. But once I get plastered, I shoot myself in the foot in the worst possible ways.
I’ve been fired from two jobs because of alcohol. I’ve driven drunk far too many times.

The second DUI and subsequent rehab is what finally got me to sober up. That was a year ago. I had a plan: change my environment, get healthy, carve out a new career path, and stay sober. I’m now coming up on 1 year sober.

And I lost my job 3 months ago. 

It was a demanding job, but the pay was good and the people were cool. But I was let go for poor performance. It was a cut-throat sales job, and I just wasn’t making enough sales.

It has been very hard for me to find a new job. The interviews I’m getting are for the same job I just had, and me and the guy interviewing me both know I’m not going to be a good fit for that. I’m not a salesman. I feel trapped career-wise, and I don’t want to backtrack and go back to working at bars. There’s no way I’d be able to maintain my sobriety there!

I’m all out of money, and now I’m borrowing funds from my dad to pay rent. My lease is up in two months, and I gotta find somewhere new to live. But I can’t show proof of income to sign a new lease because I have no income.

My girlfriend of six months just graduated from an Ivy League school with a finance degree, and has a phenomenal job lined up in another state. I’m happy for her, but I’m also ashamed of myself. I feel like I’m already a drain on her, and I don’t want to have to depend on her financially. But she’s moving the same time as my lease ends, and she’s asked me to look at positions near where she is going to be. It’s a major city, and very expensive.

My family doesn’t ask for much. Just assurance now and then that I’m ok and doing something with my life. It is so shameful that I can’t even tell them that!

I’m at a place in my life where all I want to do is wrap my hands around a bottle of bourbon and drop off the face of the earth, because I’m afraid I’ll just keep hurting the people that want me alive."
}
{ "author" : "kylerosa21",
"date" : "05/15/2018, 03:02:38",
"selftext" : "We at NoFap must all be chronic liars then. 

The idea that porn is somehow a physical necessity in our lives is exactly the issue that plagues all of society today. Men believe we are in need of porn to satisfy ourselves at will, instead of working to earn that satisfaction from a female counterpart. There is a false sense of entitlement to dopamine hits that is hurting the sexual lives of every young man in the country. Besides the erectile dysfunction you can possibly get through excessive masturbation, you also grow unrealistic expectations for sex that can possibly interfere with your ability to be pleased in a proper way. Porn and masturbation are both traps and we must continue working hard to pull unsuspecting men out of them. 

We like (and need) sex in our lives. This is accepted as true, since we are primal beings. What we do NOT need, are to sit in our rooms with our pants down to our ankles, spending hours searching for that one perfect video that will send our dopamine levels skyrocketing. This is not artificial, and anyone who accepts this massive increase in hormones is not aware of this. The best way to get those hits of dopamine: have sex. 

Porn is nothing but a poison in the modern sex life. This virus infects the minds of young people and create false realities and ideas of sex that can make actually HAVING sex not be as fulfilling as it truly is (and trust me, it is). Very rarely will you come across a woman who will do exactly all of the things you see Lisa Ann do in those terrible, god-forsaken videos. Having these expectations of our sexual partners can lead us to holding unrealistic expectations of our sexual encounters. We must understand, and help others to understand, that sex is **not the way it is in porn videos.**

Feeling entitled to that great sensation you get by masturbation leads to a lack of productivity. You will feel that you are entitled to the good things in life, and will never be inspired to go out and WORK to achieve those good things. Instead, you’ll look for the easy way... the path of least resistance. Granted, this is normal human behavior, but the real world will not always present to you situations that do involve low levels of resistance. If life were so easy, wouldn’t a majority of the population be the CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, living great lives in penthouses or beach houses along the coast, with intact families and great kids? 

We understand that sex is a natural thing. I have reiterated this throughout the piece; something that is NOT natural is getting erectile dysfunction because you jack off too much. You should not be hindered from your erection because of death grip. More men than you expect have ED (or PIED) because of their sexual habits, and do not take the steps necessary to heal themselves of this. Those in the world of NoFap are choosing to do what is right, and restore their peace of mind sexually by reforming their mental expectations of sex and healing their reproductive system of any hindrances that may prevent them from enjoying what is absolutely natural for humans to engage in. 

The world is currently plagued by the mass amounts of porn circulating, and the widespread acceptance of masturbation. It is too much, and has seeped into our culture, becoming an inseparable part of it. We must continue working to change this. We, as fapstronauts, must lead the way in inspiring others to quit these toxic habits and replace them with good ones that enrich their lives. We must take them on a voyage to a space they have not yet explored, a universe that they have yet to live in, and a galaxy of feelings that may lead them to ultimately changing their lives for the absolute better - NoFap. "
}
{ "author" : "mfurtado22",
"date" : "05/15/2018, 03:31:49",
"selftext" : "Is it possible to go to a rehab program without going to a detox? "
}
{ "author" : "abioticbrother",
"date" : "05/15/2018, 05:08:44",
"selftext" : "I hate that this has to be my first post... (long time lurker) I’m not sure if this is the right subreddit but here I go. I apologize now for the length and  any mistakes I’m currently not in a good mind set right now and this is coming from a desperate place.

so here’s some background:

Me and my sister lived with my grandma for a few years when my mom was in jail for crack (which I still don’t know the full details and I only found this out recently as in she was in jail for 3 ish years when I was around 5 and I’m turning 19 soon). A while after she’s out, we move into this small house and she had a kid ( my half sister) with a guy she met when she was in jail somehow (don’t really know the full details lol). Anyways, they didn’t work out and they divorced and soon after she found out he was cheating with someone at work. There was one time when they were together that she disappeared for 2 weeks without telling anyone (her kids at least) and he said she’s on a business trip (which I again later found out she was not a business trip). They aren’t together anymore

After the divorce she was a bit of a mess but she pulled through. I’m not sure which happened first but he got in a wreck and became paralyzed waist down. And we got a notice that my mom was in the hospital. We found out it was from an overdose. My half sister was just told she was “sick”.  Let me not forget to mention she’s also an alcoholic so that could’ve played a factor in her OD too.

She started another relationship with a great guy, let’s call him P, that me and my sisters adore, he’s great. They were doing great until she relapsed. We decided she needed to go to rehab and he would take us to visit her while she was there. me and my sister lived with her close friend during this time and my half sister stayed with her dad. (I’m still not sure when he became paralyzed so pardon my timeline).

Her and P broke up for a while so she could work on herself. After this she was doing fine she got a job and went to AA and religiously went to church every Sunday. Her and P eventually got back together.

she recently started picking up and losing her jobs again and that was a sign that she relapsed again other than disappearing a few days at a time. at this point I can’t trust anything that comes out of her mouth on why or how she lost them. 

I had a student account that was attached to her account so she was able to transfer money in and out when she pleases. During her joblessness she would ask to borrow money (even when I still lived with her) and I would let her for bills and shit. Then she would start taking out 100’s by the weeks and  I would tell her to stop and she would let me know she’s sorry and that she would pay me back as soon as she could.  And like the stepping stool I am I didn’t do much. I couldn’t say no to her... I didn’t want to think what she would be doing for money and I had no guts to demand it back immediately because she wouldn’t have an income. And I was secretly hoping she would transfer it back easier if she would do it easily on the bank app.

I recently got a separate account because she wouldn’t stop taking money from me. She now owes me near one grand. I cant help but to think I enabled it. There were many moments where I was out of a car and she offered me a ride and never showed up claiming she was too drunk and she’s sorry. And I hear that she’s at the casino moments after I see money missing from my account.

Me and my sister moved out about 6 months ago (I got the new bank acc less than a month ago) and have to move again due to lease stuff and need every penny i can get. I was supposed to pay my part of the T-Mobile bill today (still on her account) and I forgot and now I’m freaking out. My little sister is still living with her... if she is even at the house anymore... and I couldn’t feel worse. I wish I could take her with me to the house I’m moving into but I can’t afford to take care of her and I’m sure she wouldn’t want to leave her friend and go to a closer school. this move is drying up my savings. She’s going into middle school right now and I feel terrible. Not only that but my aunt (who’s also not right) is at that house and in my mothers supposed room and I heard now that P and her broke up again and she was usually at his house so now I wonder where she could be. I can’t keep track of her because I don’t live with her anymore.

I don’t know what to do at this point. I’m afraid of what will happen to my sister and I’m afraid of what will happen to my mom. I feel like it’s my fault because I knew and didn’t have the balls to say anything to her. 

To make matters even worse I just got Bell’s fucking Palsy and can’t move have my face and have to reapply for health insurance because I won’t have the kid rate anymore. Everything just keeps adding up and I don’t know what to do.

I’m at my breaking point and I just have so much stress and I don’t know what to do. Im lost and scared and tired of thinking about it and hiding in my room and crying.

Tl;Dr: basically my mom has relapsed, owes me a lot of money (I’m moving this month and am a full time student and part time worker). I’m afraid what will happen with my little sister and I don’t know what to do I feel like I’m losing my mind.

I don’t know what I’m looking for advice? Maybe just a vent( because I literally never talk to anyone about this and never had) Idk...

Literally 20 minute fucking update: I just heard from one of my future roommates that they won’t be able to move with us after we already sent in a deposit. So my fucking living plans have gone to shit. I can’t go back home there’s no fucking room and no way I can stay in the house I’m at now. Great. "
}
{ "author" : "neptunestatss",
"date" : "05/15/2018, 12:42:47",
"selftext" : "I am actually happy today. 

I never thought this would be possible, even since I was a kid, but especially these past two years. 

June 2016 I was raped

November 2016 I enter rehab for alcohol and coke addiction

October 2017 I find my boyfriend at the time dead in my bathroom from a heroin overdose

May 15, 2018: I am almost 18 months sober. I started dating a guy who treats me like I am the best thing since sliced bread. He lets my cry on his shoulder when I need to. I have a great job and I’m getting paid a very nice salary and I work for awesome people. I got a puppy two months ago and I am finally able to take care of something else. Most importantly I am taking care of myself.

I am happy today. "
}
{ "author" : "naturelaydee",
"date" : "05/15/2018, 13:00:19",
"selftext" : "Hello all, 
My mother is coming home from rehab today. She has been there for 28 days and seemed to be doing alright. However, this morning she is talking about how she doesn’t think that intensive outpatient therapy is necessary. She says she is tired of taking classes. It’s upsetting because I feel as if she does not really “get it.”

This is a big disappointment, any advice? "
}
{ "author" : "PaperbackHack",
"date" : "05/15/2018, 20:41:57",
"selftext" : "Okay, let's go over this. I've been a long time lurker, but today is the day I post.

Because I fell down. Again. For the seven hundredth time, I fell down. I've done rehab. I've done it all. I know what needs to be done; what sobriety takes. So, what's the problem? This deep internal self hatred. I go for about three months, and then things go horribly wrong. This hatred....it sucks. It swallows my soul. My drinking doesn't cause it, more the other way around if that makes sense?

So, what happened this time? A knife fight on Mother's Day. Love my mother, but Jesus, that was shameful. To be broken sucks. Why can't things just work out? Why is it so goddamn hard to be a good person? To feel worthy of anything?

Anyway, on a brighter note, you are all strong and awesome, and even though I'm struggling I will cheer you on. Love you all."
}
{ "author" : "bernadc",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 02:25:39",
"selftext" : "I wasn't gonna post but I'm realizing I probably need advice and no one knows what to say to me. Basically I have had a horrible life. I have been abused horrifically, choked out, thrown at walls, locked in empty rooms with no food or water, filled with spiders, sometimes even sewage leaking into it. My mom is evil, evil. My whole life she convinced me I had autism and now I can't enjoy things or have interests because I worry that I'll have autistic special interests. I was bullied in school and sometimes my peers would molest me to shame me and I was raped and molested by pedophiles more than once as a kid. When I had an eating disorder my mom wouldn't take me to the doctor even though I was dying and my organs were shutting down. I was shipped of from one treatment facility to the next instead of going to high school. I fought good at first but by the time I got to boarding school I was losing hope. I became addicted to prescription pills and became a child prostitute to pay for my addiction. My friend killed himself and I got violently raped the same week. I left boarding school and another peer raped me while I was drunk. I tried to kill my self so well that my mom had my IQ tested to make sure I wasn't borderline mentally disabled. I went to drug rehab but left so I could do ambien and ended up trying so many drugs, my cocaine use was so bad that I had a miscarriage. I got addicted to MDMA and at one point was using a cocktail of sleeing pills, edibles, adderall and cough syrup every single night. I overdosed on molly and quickly switched to amphetamines, but I overdosed on those so I became addicted to cocaine and heroin for a few months, and dropped out of college to do heroin full time, and because I can't read too good anymore. My grandma who wa s the only loving adult figure in my life died and a family member that molested me touched me at her funeral. I have a boyfriend that loves me a lot and a nice job. But that's it. I feel nothing and I enjoy nothing, no one really respects me and my friends keep me around for entertainment. I don't have a future or any talents and
My family has been cut off from me anyway. I'm at a point where I would have minimal damage If I died, only my boyfriend would miss me and no one or nothing depends on me being alive. Every day I feel less and become more accepting of death. My question is is my life scorched earth? Why the hell would I keep going? Could anything make me feel alive again? Or is it time to end my life quietly and peacefully?"
}
{ "author" : "i_am_me_BB",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 05:12:41",
"selftext" : "I just can’t shake the feeling that people won’t take me seriously since I’m not suicidal anymore.  At one point I tried (pretty miserable failures, I just woke up from ODs in my own apartment and nobody was any the wiser) a few times and started going to a psychiatrist and therapist, and they were very engaged in working with me and trying to get me better.  I did get a little better, in that I wasn’t suicidal anymore, but that’s about it.  Now I’m not any less depressed, I’ve just given up on the idea of suicide.

I can’t even get in to see a psychiatrist anymore.  It took my PCP 2 months to give me a referral to a new psych and it took me a while extra month to get an appointment, after which my new psych cancelled because of personal reasons, and now I’ve had to wait another three weeks.  That’s almost four months of waiting that I absolutely didn’t have to do when I wasn’t suicidal.

This is compounded by my recent experiences with rehab, as an opioid addict (haven’t been in daily addiction since December; now it’s once a week since I just fucking can’t stand sobriety for any longer than that).  I went to group therapy for a few months and was miserable the whole time.  I went to their one-on-one counselor about panic attacks and severe depression a few times and it was all pretty much “well, just keep chugging, it’ll get better eventually!”  One day I slipped back into being suicidal and broke down in group and went to the counselor and he got me an appointment with the psychiatrist by the end of the week.  It’s unfortunate that the psychiatrist was so shitty and only saw me for 8 minutes just to put me on a new antidepressant (SNRI, within a minute of telling her that in the past anything with norepinephrine reuptake inhibition has made me drastically worse and suicidal) and say “we’ll see what happens in a month.”  I took the medication for two weeks, got massively worse, stopped taking it, and wasn’t suicidal by the end of the month.  She saw my for three minutes at that appointment, and after I told her the new SNRI was making me suicidal but I was fine that particular day, she told me to keep it up and sent me on my way.  Three minutes...

I still want to die, but I’m not actively pursuing it.  I feel like I need to start again in order for anybody to take me seriously.  I’m just so done with this.  I’m taking a semester off of school in order to get help, and it’s taken me almost five months just to get a fucking appointment I can afford, and definitely not for lack of trying.  I’m just so tired of all of this, I really can’t stand it anymore.  I’m depressed, I have panic attacks, I’m autistic, I have drug abuse issues, and plenty of other things, but because I’m not actively trying to end my life, it seems like fucking nobody will even bat an eyelash at it.  For reference, I’m living in the suburban SE US.  So not a place that’s particularly well-known for being a bastion of mental health.  Still, this is just ridiculous."
}
{ "author" : "Ollie-is-free",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 05:16:09",
"selftext" : "Yesterday I came home from work early because I started to go all dizzy and stuff (I know now it was withdrawal - never experienced that before)...bought vodka on the way home. Ended up drinking it all and crying myself to sleep. Woke up at 11pm not knowing what I'd done or said. And now, I'm waiting for my parents to get up so I can tell them I need help.  I'm 26 by the way...but feel like a little kid.

I can't do it by myself anymore. I want to go to rehab but I don't know if that's best.

I'm just fed up of it all...every waking moment is an anxiety induced nightmare.

I can't believe how bad I feel...all the fucking time."
}
{ "author" : "pamelaisleys",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 05:39:03",
"selftext" : "I hit rock bottom a year ago. I was struggling with depression after a traumatic experience and turned to drinking to escape the pain. I had just turned 21 and the newly available alcohol was the easiest way to shut down my mind. I had dropped out of college and spent whatever time I had either sleeping, drinking, recovering from hangovers or lying in the dark as I contemplated leaving the house to buy more liquor. 

Rock bottom for me was my second suicide attempt. That was when I realized it was time to ask for help. With the help of my family, I checked myself into a hospital hours after. The next month was a whirlwind. After weeks in a psych ward and two more weeks in rehab, I returned to normal life a changed person. 

My past year had its ups and downs- there were certainly many times that I wanted to reach for a bottle to make things feel better (even for just a minute). But I knew that the temporary feeling of relief was not the answer and that if I stuck out the pain, I would emerge a little bit stronger than i was before. 

I’m 22 now and a year sober. I can easily say that I am the happiest I’ve been in a really long time. Its kind of a weird thing to say (and I’ll never say it to anyone out loud) but I used to chase one drink with another for that warm feeling inside my tummy but now I can find it by just thinking about all the love I have for myself. 

It took me so long to get to this point in my life but I’m so happy to be here. I’m so happy and proud and quite frankly shocked that I made it a year.

At this point I’m rambling but I want to thank this community. I’ve been a silent reader for a long time but this has been my anchor for the past year. For the past year, I have felt your positivity, joy, pride, frustration, and sadness. I have celebrated your milestones and have white-knuckled it through your lows. Thank you for sharing your stories and letting me know that I am not alone.

Thank you for everything, you guys. "
}
{ "author" : "Ollie-is-free",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 11:37:13",
"selftext" : "Wow. What a morning. Couldn't take any more and finally told my parents about what's been going on and how much I'm struggling.

After the initial shock wore off (I am a very good liar), I told them I think I need to go to rehab...nothing else has worked for me.

And here we are - I'm booked in to arrive tomorrow morning..at a rehab 4 hours away. I can't believe it. I can't believe how supportive my parents are after putting this off for fear they'd disown me (or something equally exaggerated). 

Now that's it's beginning to soak in, I've just realised how fucking terrified I am. "
}
{ "author" : "throwingsunglasses",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 12:59:05",
"selftext" : "Good morning everyone. I need some advice on taking a next step. My boyfriend and I are 24 and have been together for five years. He currently drinks about 2-3 fifths of whiskey a week. Sometimes on the weekends he'll change to gin. He works full-time and is responsible. He pays his bills, has never gotten a DUI, never gotten into a fight, etc. The only problem is that he drinks a lot when he comes home (I am already in bed as I work 8am-5pm and he works 12pm - 11pm). 

I have brought it up with him multiple times that I don't like how much he drinks and that I think it's unhealthy. I think he's on the path to alcoholism. His father was in rehab last year for alcoholism and I can see him following that same genetic path.

However, I've brought it up so much that it's a sore topic now. He claims I monitor his drinking too much and judge him (on more than just the topic of drinking). I'm not sure what to do at this point. He is very responsible and accountable, but I don't think the amount he drinks is healthy. We have been together for five years and I love him. He is my best friend but I don't like the path he is going down. 

Is there anything I can do to help him cut back? Is this normal drinking for someone who is 24 years old? Is it possible he will cut back naturally as he gets older? I know these questions are hard to answer when you don't even know him, but I need help in taking a next step. Maybe an intervention-ish, sit down talk? I'm at a loss. Thank you for any help in advance."
}
{ "author" : "that_sober_guy",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 16:16:13",
"selftext" : "Got myself to &gt;50 days this week, not just booze but weed and cigs too. It's been a bit of a rollercoaster, including a spell in rehab which finally, finally got me to accept that I'm an alcoholic, always will be, and keeping sober means doing actual work towards it every day.

The best bit is getting a straight head, getting some of my mental  agility back, enjoying reading again, and actually feeling emotion after numbing everything out for what feels like forever. 

The hardest part has been dealing with the inevitable bad days, which feel like they'll never end and wondering if this is what life is always going to be like (sounds so melodramatic but that's what goes through my head!). Of course the bad day (or days) pass and all is well again.

Someone here posted recently that the aim is to have more good days than bad, which to me seems like good advice.

IWDWYT :)"
}
{ "author" : "LotsFamous",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 17:43:42",
"selftext" : "Some background for context on my situation. I went to rehab on my 21st birthday in June of 2012. After rehab I stayed sober for just over 5 years, but stopped participating in recovery after about 2 years. I was very bad off on “spice” when I went to rehab, because I was on probation and couldn’t smoke weed. In August 2017 I decided that I should give social drinking a try, and quickly began smoking weed as it was always my favorite. In anticipation of graduating college I stopped smoking weed at the beginning of April so that I would be prepared to apply for jobs. I found that my anxiety skyrocketed, and I foolishly reached for the bottle in response to try and cope. My family has a history of alcoholism so I know how stupid this was, but I couldn’t cope. I ended up holding it in the road and graduating Magna Cum Laude, but now I feel utterly lost. The alcohol I used to cope with the stress of my last few months of school is overtaking my life. I have been drinking more than 750ml of liquor a day, and it is starting to affect my relationships. I’m too scared to stop because of the anxiety it creates, and some symptoms of withdrawal. I guess I’m just looking for the answer I already know is correct. Go to detox, and seek out a recovery community. I just feel so much guilt over having to put the people I care about through this all over again. 

TL;DR: Drinking half a handle a day, feel like shit, feel guilty about it, know I should get sober, and just needed somewhere to share my feelings

Thanks for reading"
}
{ "author" : "PuppyButtts",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 18:24:11",
"selftext" : "I don't think I'm suicidal, I enjoy life when I am actually able to do something I enjoy, the problem is that's not very often. Sure, I enjoy sitting out in the summer. I love swimming, although have no where to swim. I love exercising and lifting weights, I love running and hiking. Problem is, I have had injuries for years which has made it impossible to do any of these things. 

I'm in school majoring in exercise science, but who will want to hire a personal trainer that's too injured to even show them how to do movements? I feel like my life is crashing down around me, but when I feel like this it makes me feel even worse because I just feel like I'm being a brat. I have a house, I have stability from my parents. I'm able to go to school, I can still walk around. 

I'm usually too restless to sleep because there is no possible way to get my energy out physically , besides taking walks which definitely isn't enough. 

I went from being able to squat multiple hundreds of pounds, to not being able to lift anything. It's the only thing I want to do with my life and I haven't been able to do it for six years. I finally fixed one injury, and acquired two more. I've spent thousands of dollars I don't even have trying to rehab them and nothing works. I could swim to maybe help them, but I have no where to swim. 

I'm visiting my mom this week. I had an extra terrible day at the gym \(Guys, I can't even lift 5 lbs or it hurts\) and when I got home she was all happy, "Oh hows the gym , you've been going so much! " 

"It's terrible mom. I can't do anything, theres no point in keeping my major, theres no point in paying for a membership then I just go there to sit an stare at the things I can't do.""Oh honey I'm sorry, are you upset because you're on your period?"  I didn't have the nerve to tell her I've had crippling anxiety for years and exercise was the only thing that helped, but I haven't been able to do anything for years so I just feel like giving up on life.

I don't want to die, but I want to curl up in a ball and not talk to anyone or do anything else for the rest of my life. 

TL;DRI can't do the only thing that keeps me sane"
}
{ "author" : "skeezy_mc_skittles",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 18:56:17",
"selftext" : "If I got this job I interviewed for today I would run up to the club house and get a temp sponsor. 

Why don't I do that whether I get the job or not?

I am a sporadic drinker by situation. If Ihad the money, I would drink until I was dead.  I am a hard core alcoholic. 

Why don't I get a sponsor whether good times or bad times? 

I am very familiar with AA. I have been to rehab 6 times. I go to AA meetings. 

What makes me stop one short from really embracing this simple program? 

you know. I would drink if I got the job.. I would drink if I didn't get the job. 

I am at odds with myself. I am so comfortable with AA but yet I just stick my toes in the water. 

I think I am still fooling myself about drinking normally. I think I am afraid of the work involved. 

i dunno. "
}
{ "author" : "SorryBiscotti",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 19:06:54",
"selftext" : "So I’ve always had a bit of trouble prioritizing/organizing tasks/finding motivation/functioning as a normal adult/some bizarre compulsive behavior, and one day at work a coworker gave me some Adderall to try, and it was AWESOME. Helped tremendously with my concentration and suddenly, things in my life were just easier to take care of and manage. House was super clean and organized, working a 10 hour shift was a breeze, finding time to balance work/social life/chores/errands was easy as could be. Time was on my side. I had energy to spare, was in a good mood/more sociable/even noticed that I was like, well-spoken all of a sudden, and lost a noticeable amount of weight  (I’m a fairly petite person -- 5’ 1” and  typically weigh between 100-105lbs. When on the drug, I weighed closer to 90-95lbs). Needless to say, I felt like I was looking my best, feeling my best, and was generally better at being a human. The only other side effects I experienced were feeling a bit too speedy at times (like an unwanted high) some shakiness and some insomnia. But to me, the benefits far outweighed the undesirable side effects.

I was taking 30mg of a generic brand mostly every day for about 10 months, and obtained them from a friend of a friend because I unfortunately do not have health insurance, and because my (admittedly wrong) thinking at the time was-- why not? I figured it was accessible, saved me money and trips to the doctor, and I had heard that Adderall was hard to obtain even after a doctor visit. Also I was actively avoiding the inevitable stigma of going to a psych. In any event, about 3 weeks ago, the friend of a friend vanished without a trace (I heard rumors he went to rehab), and I was out of the meds. In the weeks without the drug, I felt AWFUL. Sluggish, tired, easily agitated, and super depressed over my inability to function as well. Not to mention that it was almost too easy to put on weight, which depressed me even further.

I decided it was time make this whole ordeal legit and get a script. I made an appointment at a psychiatrist and told the NP the abridged version of my story: I have xyz symptoms and a friend gave me some Adderall to try and it changed my life. After that, I had to go back in for ADD/ADHD testing, and found out that I scored below average (no huge surprise) at my third appointment. The NP told me that they do not give out stimulants like Adderall as a first option, and gave me 3 other options for medication: blood pressure meds, antidepressants, or nonstimulants. I had no idea about any of it. She very briefly explained how they more or less could help me in very similar ways (and I’m having trouble now recalling exactly what she was saying because I was clearly not paying great attention), and she stood firmly at letting me choose. I wish I maybe had time to do some research first since I was completely unfamiliar with these meds, and from what I understood of the short descriptions of each, they more or less do the same types of things (?). I ruled out the blood pressure meds since she explained that they act as sedatives and you take them at night (um, not at all what I was looking for after coming out of a complete dependence to Adderall), and went for the antidepressant option and got a script for Bupropion (Wellbutrin) XL 150mg which I have been taking just for a couple of days.

So, finally, my question is this: what can I expect from Bupropion in comparison to Adderall? Is there any chance that it can help me in the same way sans the harmful addictiveness? Should I have opted for Strattera or some other non-stimulant instead? Does it get easier dealing with the loss of that euphoria I grew so accustomed to? Any advice is appreciated from those with similar experiences! Thanks.
"
}
{ "author" : "Behemecoytal",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 21:23:58",
"selftext" : "Hi,

I've been a long time lurker on this sub but never posted.  I guess this post is intended as a verbal commitment \(never seem to live up to the commitments in my head\) and hopefully the end of a chapter in my life.   My relationship with alcohol has never been ideal but it's had enough ups and downs that I have always shrugged off the bad nights, thinking they happen to everyone.  

After family found me \(thank goodness for my concerned older sister\) in a drunken stupor at my apartment, having missed my cousin's wedding and going AWOL for an entire weekend, I voluntarily attended a partial hospitalization rehab before returning to work.  Made it over a month sober and was starting to see the sunshine in everyday again.

Stupidly, I thought eh I can introduce a little social drinking back into my life now that I have perspective and be able to control it.  Been battling with that the entire time.  Sometimes I can drink responsibly, sometimes I can't.  I've now missed 3 days of work in a row due to depression \(probably all caused by a drinking over the weekend\).  I get depressed and all I try to do is sleep all day and when I can't sleep I drink to force myself to fall asleep.  Such a predictable but difficult cycle to break.  Luckily, today I had a switch flip mentally and feel some motivation to beat this demon.  Any advice on things to kill time when you're fighting cravings?

I'll make it to work tomorrow.  I'll take this one step at a time.  Most importantly, IWNDWYT

Thanks for reading,

BT  "
}
{ "author" : "chickenboyjr",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 21:24:35",
"selftext" : "So my 19-almost-20 year-old sister has been out of my house (me and my parents) for about a year now because she moved in with this older guy. Fast forward a year, she’s been in rehab once and was addicted to meth for a solid 7 months. I don’t know how long she’s been clean.  (Supposedly about 4 months). She says she only smokes weed now and stopped the heavy stuff. She’s extremely underweight (like 5’9” 120lbs). She’s not living with that guy anymore but she’s living off the disability of another guy that’s in jail. We’ve tried again and again to help her, she even moved back in in December for 3 days before going back to the original boy. 

She called yesterday and broke down to tell my mom she was pregnant. She’s keeping the baby. And the baby isn’t even her boyfriend’s (who is in jail). 

My mom is at a loss of words because she herself got pregnant at 18 right out of high school and she sees my sister going down a dangerous path with a drug baby. She wants to help her like buy a crib and different stuff and I told my mom she shouldn’t because she’s not the one making constant mistakes.  I don’t really know what to do here. I haven’t talked to her in a few weeks because we got in an argument which basically ended in me saying “You don’t want me in your life? That’s fine. I can graduate high school by myself. I can go to college by myself. I can succeed without you.”

Obviously it’s not my place to do anything, but I feel obligated because she’s my sister and we were super close as kids. I don’t know what to say or what to do. 

Anything helpful would be greatly appreciated "
}
{ "author" : "madunba",
"date" : "05/16/2018, 22:11:45",
"selftext" : "This is not new information. Both her and my father quit drinking shortly after my youngest sibling was born about 24 years ago. About a year ago, my father was able to finally able to retire and in his retirement decided that a drink here and there wasn't a big deal, and to him, it wasn't. However my mother also got in on the fun. That started off fine at first. A drink with dinner here, a nightcap there. Then, unbeknownst to the rest of the family it got worse. 

Much worse.

She began having a drink every day. Not always with my father. Then twice a day. Then more. Hiding alcohol. Sneaking shots in the bathroom. You know. Alcoholic shit.

My mother also has depression and is on medication for it. THESE THINGS DO NOT MIX WELL.

About 6 weeks ago, my pregnant wife and I went over to my parents house for Saturday dinner, as per usual. When we arrived my mother was on the floor of the kitchen uncontrollably sobbing. My father, standing awkwardly next to her, one hand on her shoulder. He does not do comforting well.

At this point none of us know about the drinking. We believe this episode to be an adverse effect of her new depression medication. 

It was not. About an hour later when I get her to stop apologizing for "being stupid" and "a bad mother" she reveals that she had been drinking and was currently very drunk. 

She tells me that she just wants to drink herself to death.

At this point I just want to get her to bed so she can sober up and, after another very stressful hour or so, we succeed. I tell my father that he can not drink around her anymore and that she needs to get therapy. Right stat now.

I then go about my life, because I do not live at home, have a full time job, my own life and bills to pay and a child on the way, I cannot also be a shrink.

Things return to some level of normalcy, and, to my great shame, I do not follow up with either of my parents on the therapy. I do not think she has seen a therapist yet or even looked for one.

Today I get a text from my father.

Hey buddy. Bad news. Your mom just came of shit faced. Call me when you can please.

I am at work god dammit.

I wait the half hour to finish my day and then call him.

Apparently my mother went to work this morning for about 20 minutes, made some excuse to leave, went to the liquor store for a bottle of the good stuff and sat in a park for 6 hours putting it down. We found out because a teacher friend of the family had to bring my niece home from school and we she got home, found my mother in the driveway, passed out in the car.They got her in the house and to my knowledge she is now in bed. 

My father and I believe she needs to go to rehab of some kind and he has good health insurance from his old job that we believe will cover it. At least most of it.

So. My question is, what do I do? What can I do? Did I just need to vent and this helped a bit by itself? How do I not be furious and feel betrayed all the time that now that my life is barely together I have to be her parent as well?"
}
{ "author" : "Neptunedreams",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 00:08:25",
"selftext" : "Hey... sorry for the rambling wall of text!   I’m stuck at an inpatient rehab with 2 broken legs.  A few days before I had surgery, my dad fell and hit his head.  It looks like he had a seizure and has injuries in the front and the back of his brain. He has a skull fracture, sub dural, sub arachnoid and intraperenchymal (?) brain bleeds.   Drs have recommended hospice for him; and he’s in a personal care home for now.  I was living with him and caring for him due to him having seizures &amp; frequent falls.   I am told by my sister that he is mostly nonverbal-  he says “yeah” to everything, occasionally says family members names when prompted, and follows simple commands (open/close eyes, squeeze my hand) My sister says he moves his mouth a lot like he wants to say something (groping?).  I’m struggling right now because I can’t be there,  I am struggling with the decision to do hospice -  the doctors say prognosis is not good.  I’m second guessing myself and wondering if I should have put him in rehab instead.  Before this he was severely depressed, neglecting his hygiene and falling frequently.  It’s just killing me to be stuck in this hospital &amp; unable to help him.  I guess I’m just here for input from adult SLPs about what nurses can do,  what I can do (when I get out here) and wondering if i should send an SLP into the place he’s at to do some therapy.  I feel so powerless &amp; my heart is in pieces knowing he can’t communicate, I don’t what he’s thinking - if he’s scared, etc.   I know he’s in a good placement - my friend who is a nurse works there and she says he’s comfortable,  eating and well taken care of.  He did pass his swallowing test.   Thanks for listening and for any input about anything about this situation.   Thank you! "
}
{ "author" : "DeathPlanet",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 00:35:56",
"selftext" : "I've actually been clean longer than 28 days. I just love the movie and thought it would be a nice title. 

My name is Michael. I've been abusing opioids since I was 17. Im now 24 and recently started going to the methadone clinic except I'm not on methadone or suboxone. Im on subutex. 

I went because my herion problem was getting way out of control. 
To keep this story from dragging on. Im feeling great. I still have intense cravings from time to time but nowhere near as bad as it once was. 
When I do go a few days without anything its not that bad. The withdrawals are nowhere close to herion withdrawals. Cannot even hold a candle to it. 

I just wanted to say to the community. 
YES it does get better! Treament and rehab does work. 
That voice in your head (The other you) does quiet down and leave you alone after a while. 

You guys out there on your 1st or 2nd day, I know it seems impossible now, but if you can tough it out and find better alternatives. I promise you'll start feeling glimpses of true natural happiness within that first month. 
And you'll be surprised how fast your life will turn around from there. 

If you need someone to talk to, Im always lurking around on here lol. "
}
{ "author" : "cummycummyonmytummy",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 02:24:00",
"selftext" : "I've finally decided to do something about my Alcohol Dependency and do the jump into an impatient program. I've notified my employer and have a FMLA claim. I'm not yet in rehab because of the  time it's taken to research facilities that jive with my health insurance.

Im now waiting for a check (401k loan) in the mail to cover the deductible. Once i get the money i'd imagine it's off I go.

A long time ago when I had no insurance I was forced into a state psychiatric hospital. Im relieved its not going to be like that this time but i'm still paranoid and scared. Sometimes the nicest rehabs have bad reviews! That makes me think maybe an impatient program is over-kill, but im almost sure it's what I need. I like to downplay my alcohol addiction as micky mouse compared to people addicted to hard drugs. Maybe im an idiot, or in denial? I don't think so because I can check yes to many of the dual diagnosis symptoms checklists.

I've been so lucky I haven't injured myself/others or lost my job for drinking (I've been so close to all that) . I know i'm a time-bomb and luck does run out. "
}
{ "author" : "flattster",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 03:48:39",
"selftext" : "I'm going to start off with my qualifier is doing very well right now. She has completed outpatient rehab, and has been alcohol free for 5 weeks. She does have a scram bracelt but she understands how bad things were and wants to get better, she doesn't want to go back to drinking every night. 


I didn't like how her drinking was going after we had our last child, within just a couple months of baby being born she was drinking again. I'm not certain she was always sober when breast feeding, I came home one night to her passed out in the rocking chair with baby falling out of her lap late at night. I always rationalized she had a lot to deal with since I worked 3 night shifts per week  plus two days shifts and we had two under 18 months in the house. Our babies always had attention and she worked very hard to keep the babies ahead of their milestones. These babies knew nothing but smiles. 

Fast forward 3 years and I realized how bad the drinking was when I had came home at midnight to her passed out, I went to bed. Shortly after that the security alarm tripped and she didn't wake up. That was when my attitude changed and I decided I needed to protect the babies, now 4&amp;5 and I started challenging her sobriety when I need to work at night. 

Over the next 14 months I progressively policed and tried to find ways to work with her, not to stop the drinking all together, just when I was gone. Nothing work, she failed every promise. Finally it all came to an end when I came home to her passed out at 3:30p.m. and one child hadn't been brought back from school. I retrieved said child ce back to check on her since I never check her pulse, to find her wandering through the house with a bottle of pills in her hand. She had made quite a few previous threats at suicide and a friend told me to be aggressive if it happened again. So a friend and I agreed it was time and we had her taken to the hospital to sober up and be evaluated. She still harbors anger over this.

The next morning I picked her up from the hospital at about 7, took her home and took the kids to school. I came home and we talked only a little as I was exhausted. I took a nap and she was to pick up our youngest from school at 11:30. I woke up at 1:00 to see missed calls and texts which hardly anyone ever gets a hold of me. She had been in a DUI accident and was in the hospital. 

I had cleared the house of alcohol but forgot about a bottle of cointreau. I found out later she had started drinking when I left to drop the kids off at school, I was blindsided, I didn't imagine when I laid down for a nap she had already been drinking. She remembered nothing until the airbags deployed and nothing after until the hospital again. 

That's the big picture. I still sit back and wonder if I shouldn't have done some things. I felt like everything I did was in reaction to finding out things weren't working as they were. First alarm she didn't wake up to, we had a serious talk and she was to cool it while I was at work. Multiple times of her being passed out when I came home, eventually she promised no drinking while I was gone, that failed, so then it was potioned beers, but then she was hiding additional. So then it was a wild goose chase finding stashes and getting rid of them. It just kept going and going and our relationship turned to me harboring anger that she couldn't stop, made it so I was always mad at her. I knew it was the disease, but knowing that didn't help me protect the children while I worked.  

She's in an after care program and has gone to counseling for a few months now as well. She doesn't talk about specifics of the AA meetings. So all I know to do is make sure she is able to make it to everything and I am perfectly willing to drive. Also I only know to make sure she gets extra attention. I don't know how to  tell her that I am proud and am happy with her progress, I try. Lastly I have tried to remind myself the brain needs to rewire, she needs to relearn so I try to be more patient about emotions. The court process is a real damper on her mood, with summer coming up and she doesn't want people to see the bracelet as well as not being able to swim. Also she's very concerned about relearning to be in social situations without drinking and people are used to us drinking as well. "
}
{ "author" : "Unikitty_love",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 07:56:30",
"selftext" : "Hi so this is my first post so please forgive me if i did anything wrong...sorry..So I did some bad things..i got a boyfriend and exchanged some photos and while i regret this because i believe i did this because i wanted him to like me anyways my dad found out and he tried to talk to me and started this whole thing like a rehab process keeping me from one of my best friends and the guy. I went back to both but he only knows of my best friend i held in all the emotions like i usually do its automatic for me i don't have to try and suppress them and i blew up at him. I said that they had feelings and i couldn't ignore them. He heard they therefore the boy and slapped me said he was surprised he talked to me instead of killing both him and i and then i went to my room to get away then he comes in calling me a whore and dumb which i know i deserve and am he then put my arm behind my back and kicked me on the floor saying he'd kill me if i talked to my best friend again then telling me to pack up and leave and see if the boy will help me out...Im sorry for all this story i guess i had to just rant but um am i overreacting the next day he acted like nothing happened and joked with me I'm still mad and planning on moving out at 18 but could i be wrong i mean so many people are going through worse am i just being dumb and overemotional? Again I'm sorry for all this"
}
{ "author" : "Legitpassenger",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 11:29:07",
"selftext" : "Wondered if anyone else had gone back to their Rehab for aftercare. You sit with fellow graduates and discuss life on the outside. I know most of the people who are still at my rehab (because it's early days).

Wanted to get your thoughts...I felt that the discussion is somewhat worthwhile but tends to be very repetitive. Also, because crosstalk is NOT allowed, it is very much a one way conversation.

My wife is upstairs with all the other significant others learning about addiction."
}
{ "author" : "AddictChick",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 11:35:59",
"selftext" : "Some of the best people I know where once the worst people. 

The junkies
The criminals
The hustlers
The drug dealers 

Recovery changes people.

"
}
{ "author" : "Legitpassenger",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 12:02:01",
"selftext" : "Yesterday I was at a meeting (at my former rehab) and mentioned to a number of people how much I was benefitting from doing research about addiction. I discussed a little bit about Smart Recovery and the interest from people was amazing. They had NEVER heard of it. 

I am hoping that for those people who are not finding success in AA will start to research what else is out there. I am still attending AA, but find I get much more out of SR.

"
}
{ "author" : "Data_Is_King",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 12:47:03",
"selftext" : "25 year old male. 6'1, 200 pounds. I have no medical issues and do not take any medications.

History of knee problems: 

So this all started some point in high school while playing sports. I can't pinpoint exactly when, but I remember somewhere around my Junior or Senior year during basketball season I would get a sharp throbbing pain in the front of my knee below my knee cap. I didn't tell anyone at the time and just pushed through it. I know this is probably the point where I really did some damage since I would run, cut, and jump on it for 2 hours every night at practice. My knee would sometimes be so sore the next morning I could barely straighten it, or go up and down the stairs, but that afternoon I would have to go right back at it in practice...

After graduation I went to college and didn't play sports anymore. I still worked out quite often, but I never had an issue with my knee working out unless I went very heavy on squats or lunges. Then I got back into sports. I joined a recreation league basketball team and also did intramurals at college. I experienced the exact same thing. On nights I played, I could immediately tell I re-aggravated the knee if I landed from a jump or made a cut and my knee would instantly have the pain. Then it would last for a week or so, only hurting when I put pressure on it not when just sitting or walking. I would try at this point to ice my knee after games, but it seemed to have no effect. Same with painkillers. I would try taking them, but I could tell no difference in knee pain. It was always a sharp pain in front of my knee only when running, jumping, cutting, going up stairs, or straightening my leg all the way.

So now I graduate from college and no longer play basketball regularly. I would once in a while go to local open gyms to play pick up games, but the same problem persisted. I joined a softball team in the area as well, and most times this would not aggravate the knee unless I had to turn a base quickly or stop on a dime for something. Then it would hurt for a week again and go away.

At this point I tried looking online and it looked like from the symptoms I thought I had patellar tendonitis. I got so fed up after one open gym I decided to follow a rehab program to the T. I went double the time of the rehab thinking that would ensure progress. I did slow decline squats, stretched and strengthened my hips, and strengthened supporting muscles around the area. After 24 weeks I had no pain, and even played a few games of softball and did some running without any problems. Then this week, just two nights ago I had to slide into a base, and boom, I felt it instantly again. I had another game last night and could barely run the bases or play outfield. Now today It is sore as hell and it hurts to go up and down stairs or when I sit too long without moving it.

Is there anything I can do to help with this? I'm so tired of dealing with this pain whenever I want to do things I like. I'm an extremely active person and this is killing me to know I'm only 25 and will have to deal with this the rest of my life when I like to do the above mentioned activities as well as snowboarding, wakeboarding, biking, and running.

Thanks in advance."
}
{ "author" : "BUTGAWATD",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 12:57:30",
"selftext" : "Age: 25

Gender: M

Height: 198cm

Weight: 223lbs

Medication: Claritin for hayfever

Non-smoker

No previous issues with knee and no other current medical issues.

Duration: Approx. 6 months


Hi everyone, hoping to get a bit of help here. I'll provide a bit of background and elaborate on the symptoms and what treatment I've sought so far, if anyone can provide a qualified opinion I'd be supremely grateful.

I lift weights regularly, and have done for about the past two years. Towards the middle of November last year I started to develop a tightness on the outside of my right knee, which would sometimes travel up my right thigh. While sitting, it sometimes focuses on my hip, and very occasionally I can feel it in my calf. Looking this discomfort up, I thought it might be an IT band issue as this can crop up with squats, so took to stretching, foam rolling and icing as much as I could. This did not really help, and if anything the issue seemed to be getting a little worse. It's also worth noting that, outside of gym, I lead a relatively sedentary lifestyle and have quite tight hips as a result. I can squat ass to grass and _do_, but it's a struggle.  I'll go for a walk or a swim once or twice a week but otherwise I'm sat in a chair, either looking for work, watching movies or playing videogames. I have a stretching routine to help rid me of this tightness and, when I was training legs, prevent injury.

I stopped training legs to avoid it worsening further, and sought help. My local GP couldn't provide me much information outside of it not being a problem _in_ the joint. A couple of friends at my gym recommended a local chiropractic college where one could receive treatment from final year students under the guidance of tutors. I have to admit, I was a bit wary of going to a chiropractor, but they assured me that they had both had issues resolved after going there and it was pretty cheap so I thought what the hey.

After my initial couple of sessions, the chiro agreed that it was likely an IT band strain and that I should do certain exercises to alleviate it. After a few weeks and nothing really changing, he re-assessed, consulted with tutors and it was concluded that it was likely actually a minor tear in the vastus lateralis. It was believed that this might have been the result of me taking some poor advice from a personal trainer at my gym (PT qualifications mean basically nothing in Britain, I don't know how true that is elsewhere) which resulted in a large amount of weight being shifted awkwardly onto my fully extended right leg. While I wasn't in any real pain immediately after it happening, I think it syncs up with the start of the knee trouble. The new diagnosis also seemed to be confirmed (to the chiro, at least) by the fact that pressing where it was believed the tear was was extremely painful, that massage of that area helped to alleviate discomfort temporarily, and that a little nodule could be felt in that area.

And so I started some rehab. This involved stretching my vastus lateralis, some light knee extensions, and working on my gluteus medius, as it was theorised I could potentially have an imbalance in it which contributed towards the injury. Things seemed to improve a bit (and I actually got a little bit of booty gainz due to the high reps stuff focusing on my glutes), and I was eventually booked in for an ultrasound. They couldn't locate a tear (though before this I'd been told by a chiro filling in for my usual one that he thought I'd _had_ a tear but it had since healed) and also checked out my IT band, which looked fine.

Let's fast forward a couple of months, to now. The knee has become _super_ inconsistent. I've had days when I've barely felt it at all - I could feel completely normal until, say, 8 o'clock, then I'll feel a bit of minor tightness. I'll also have days, however, where I wake up with it feeling tight and it'll develop into a dull, slow throb throughout the day. I've been told that this is part of the healing process and it's just a waiting game but I still don't know if the diagnosis was even correct in the first place, and if any healing that's occurred has been as a result of the chiro's efforts or just the passing of time. It's just insanely frustrating as I've had so many points over the past few months when I've thought, "Yes! I can finally get back to sweet, sweet squats and deadlifts in a couple of weeks," only to be thrown back into a loop of discomfort.

One thing that remains true, which has since the issue came on, is that if I fully extend my right leg, I can hear a loud but muffled pop or click. I can produce one with my left leg as well, but it is far, far quieter. 

Sorry for the wall of text, hopefully someone can give me their opinion on whether I've been receiving the right treatment and, if not, what it could actually be. Many thanks!
"
}
{ "author" : "durango69",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 13:02:18",
"selftext" : "Hey guys 28 days clean!! After dealing with 13 yr addiction/being a controlled puppet....\(mostly prescribed perks and vics but also bought off the streets bc i wasnt getting enough was taken over 100mg a day mostly snorting, put myself through rehab \(joke\) then found a doc that gives the shot!\) Im on vivitrol and it isnt the full answer you have to want it but it deff HELPs! I still want to experience life tho and plan on going to a festival I want to trip LSD or MOLLY has anyone taken while on vivitrol? want to make sure i wont WD or OD and still be able to trip? Also want to get back to just smoking green but my anxiety hasnt let me do that yet anyone just smoke while on it too? "
}
{ "author" : "HaaAuau",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 14:14:05",
"selftext" : "Just like the title says, I wonder if I should disclose my Autism Spectrum Disorder (or “Condition”, if we’re being strengths-based) diagnosis to my clinical director during clinical supervision. I have an MSW, and have been licensed (LSW) for about three months. I’m starting a new position as a psychotherapist resident so I can accrue the 3,000 hours toward full licensure (LCSW).

I’m high functioning and can “mask” very well. I’m 34 and have worked for about a decade in “high touch” industries like tourism. Most folks don’t pick up on my condition, even other behavioral health professionals. If it matters, I’m male-bodied.

I have a vocational rehabilitation counselor and see a personal psychotherapist, and both of them suggested I do not disclose my ASD diagnosis to the HR people, or any other professionals on the team. I’m of the same mind, but I wonder about my clinical supervisor. Shouldn’t I tell them, since they ought to be able to understand my thought processes and my non-verbal cues?

I’ve looked all over the internet for insight, but I didn’t find anything helpful since (surprise surprise) people with social communication impairments don’t generally go into an inherently social profession. I did find one PhD level social worker, but she’s not in direct practice. 

Thanks in advance for any help you can provide. 

"
}
{ "author" : "airpower89191",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 17:05:19",
"selftext" : "I decided to quit 2 years ago. I almost lost my wife and daughter because of my drinking and I decided that was enough. I come from a large group of people that drink pretty heavy. I eventually turned into the guy that always blacked out and eventually became very aggressive. I never went to jail or got a dui or lost my job because of my drinking. I thought I was good at being a professional alcoholic. Then my mom suddenly is in the hospital. She doesn't make it and dies in hospice care at age 53. My drinking turned very dark. You could almost say I was playing chicken with a higher power. I always had a sharp tongue and could be flirtatious with women. That eventually lead to an ultimatum, get sober or lose you family. I checked myself into rehab but quickly left to do outpatient rehab because I wasn't in trouble with the law like almost all the kids I was there with and  I do mean kids. These young men and women were almost all full blown heroin addicts. It still shocking to think about what we have done to the generation after mine. Anyway a few weeks of outpatient and I was ready to get back to my life and my job. 2 years later almost to the day and I'm struggling. I've had this feeling before but not this overpowering. I feel like I've falling behind so much in life I'll never catch up. I'm a veteran I served from 2000 to 2005. I was 22 when I got out and enrolled in college full time. Back then the VA was a mess. I went a whole semester without a check. I had bills to pay and I had a family to take care of. I quit and I got a job that I've been at ever since. I drank away 12 years of my life and at 35 I feel like everything I've done has left me looking like a failure. You see you don't have to lose ANYTHING to still fuck up your life with booze. I want to go back to school but I don't know where to start or even if that will really help me. 2 years sober and I've  never been this lost. Sorry hopefully I'm better tomorrow. IWNDWYT "
}
{ "author" : "plk_andreasen",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 17:53:03",
"selftext" : "Hi all,

It's both great and sad and really an entire spectrum of emotions that hit me when I read these posts. I've been drinking since I was about 15\-16 years old, 34 now, and no rehab or support group has made me stop. And I know that's not on them, it's on me: I never wanted to. I always long for that escape from reality which I find both confusing and boring.

I've built my life up and seen it break to pieces multiple times. I always get back up but there comes a point where I am sick and tired of falling into the same trap over and over again. All the while seeing and knowing it.

I've never had very positive experiences with AA and the likes but I've known myself after 3 months of internal rehab \(sadly I did that a few times\) and I'm a different person: stronger, more confident, better looking, but here comes the problem: insecure. An insecurity I can't quit wrap my head around.

This is not meant to be a 'woe is me'\-style lament, I've got all my ducks in a row right now. I'm just terrified to lose it. You only get so many opportunities until it's game over or you simply physically destroy yourself.

My plan now is to instead of the Friday bar hit the AA meeting tomorrow. I'll be scared and nervous and there's a chance I'll feel confident that all is right because that day at the office went fine \- no denying that \- but the intention is there. I guess this is where a sponsor can be useful.

Anyway, just needed to vent. Regardless of my substance abuse I'm realizing stuff I never knew was possible \- and right f\*cking now, that devil is trying to destroy it. Again."
}
{ "author" : "throwaway73726155283",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 17:55:05",
"selftext" : "My fiancé came out of nowhere last night and told me he had been doing percs daily for the past three years. I don’t know ANYTHING about drugs at all so I’ve been googling furiously.

I had no idea. I won’t bore you with all the feelings I have right now but I can’t believe I didn’t catch on sooner. So much stuff makes sense now I guess. 

He wants to stop, he wants me to help him. I want to help him. We can’t afford rehab or doctors. 

What can we do to make recovery more tolerable at home? Anyone have any advice? What worked for you? I’ve never been through anything like this. We’re both so scared.

Shopping list for right now is ice packs, warm compresses, loperamide and melatonin so he can try to get some sleep in between bouts of diarrhea, pepto, gatorade and lots of water. 

Any help is greatly appreciated."
}
{ "author" : "PalPubPull",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 20:01:49",
"selftext" : "I've been struggling with depression and anxiety the majority of my life, and alcoholism over the last 11 years. I'm currently in rehabilitation and 40 days sober, it feels great (relatively speaking). The depression and anxiety is still prevalent, and is more towards the center of focus now in my outpatient treatment.

Through many counseling sessions, a 700 plus question test (Nearly just left halfway through but figured that would prevent any chance at tackling this mental health issue), and a few doctors appointments, they concluded I have ADD which has been a huge contributor to my other mental health issues.

My counselor who spoke with the doctor said they're about to prescribe strattera, probably because I was asking for any non addictive treatments. 

I wanted to ask in here if anyone with similar symptoms has had any success at restoring their mental health with treating their attention deficit disorder? I'm hopeful, but not expecting it to be a cure all."
}
{ "author" : "dcwota",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 23:46:22",
"selftext" : "Firstly; I’m 27, female, 5’7”, 130lbs. Currently taking citalopram 20mg daily, turmeric and ginger 1200 mg daily, and nexplanon implant in L arm. 

Never a smoker. Doctor has diagnosed me with fibromyalgia but I’m not so sure. Seeking a second opinion. 

No history of skin issues or allergies; I’ve never even had poison ivy or any rashes that I can recall. 

I have been home sick for two days with a sore throat and massive fatigue. No other symptoms, and they seem to be getting better at this point. My husband pointed out to me last night a large raised red rash on the back of my thighs; I wouldn’t have known it was there if he hadn’t of told me. 

It does not hurt. It itches a little bit if it gets irritated by my clothes. Went to the doctor and she wrote it off as heat rash; however I work indoors in a cool environment and haven’t been outside much recently. 

I’ve been managing it today with alternating between applying lavender infused witch hazel, and coconut oil with lavender and tea tree essential oils. My husband says it appears as if the left side has spread slightly since yesterday. 

Will post a photo below. 

Edited to add: I work in a skilled nursing facility doing rehab therapy, so I spend a lot of time with medically fragile residents/patients and have missed work due to this illness and want to be sure this weird rash isn’t something that could affect my clients. 

*just noticed the typo on the title of my post; sorry. I don’t know how to edit it.*"
}
{ "author" : "Outboarder",
"date" : "05/17/2018, 23:59:50",
"selftext" : "Every year, I think about my anniversary free from hard drugs and tell myself I'll share everything in a meaningful way on my 10 yr anniversary.  That day is approaching and I don't want to miss my chance to celebrate publicly.  I lost my house, a great job, went bankrupt, and started fresh as your local gas station attendant living with my parents.  I was in rehab for a week and the perspective &amp; stories shared there changed me.  I realized we're all one human race with weaknesses and strengths, fighting different battles and demons in our own ways.  My rock bottom was an awakening and made me feel better about my own life and opportunities.  I was on suicide watch beside a doctor, a soldier, a grandmother, a college student, etc....all normal human beings feeling lost and in the same internal prison that I was in.  There's so much hidden pain and private struggle in the world--maybe I'm not alone and not trapped after all.  Maybe there's strength in community and I'm just not looking in the right direction.  I got out and spent a few years making minimum wage and wondering how life would turn out as I got older.  My old company called me with an offer to get rehired and move to a new city.  I took it, moved to Tennessee, and rebuilt my life with new philosophy.  I always pretend I'm being watched and tell myself character is who you are when nobody is looking.  I have learned to look for signs in others and lift up others when I can.  I love the saying "a rising tide lifts all ships".  I am so proud of who I am today and the Outlook I have on all people today.  We're all so diverse and complex, hurting in different ways and feeling misunderstood.  I love my outlook now and most people I know would be extremely surprised to hear that I was a crack addict on suicide watch 10 years ago.  I want to share my perspective and details in a meaningful way, and I want to say it all in the most impactful and positive light...  Can you offer me any advice and talking points on something I can put together this weekend to share?  I've thought about making a video and just sharing the link openly...I want to embrace this but I'm afraid I won't say things as impactfully as I want.  Would love ideas, this is very important to me.

PS if you're here, we have something in common I would imagine.  I'm proud of you, and the fact that you browse this subreddit to learn and share this kind of support is very special."
}
{ "author" : "lilyfreelily28",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 00:43:44",
"selftext" : "I literally wasn't sure my husband was drinking vodka behind my back. I made him go to a therapist and she told him he needed detox and rehab, which surprised me since I thought his 6 or so beers was 'it'. I convinced myself his early nights, slurred speech and forgetfulness was depression or a neurological condition.  I even told my therapist I'd be floored if it was alcohol. Then, yesterday, he agrees to do the odd detox request and I'm to pick him up at home and drive to detox. Long story short, I got him to detox, where they were like, he needs the er, you should have called 911. He goes to the ER and his BAC was .473. I feel so dumb, angry, mad, hurt and confused. He called me that night when he must-have been around a .333 and sounded normal. Has my husband been operating at 3x the normal limit? For how long? I'm so freaking conflicted today.
"
}
{ "author" : "DesuEcchi",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 02:13:35",
"selftext" : "Ill make it quick so I don't ramble to much. Pretty much I have a twin brother who is very dear to me and about a year ago we found out he had been abusing drugs for almost two years(mainly LSD and ketamine.) We found out because he was rushed to the ER with a cocaine overdose. After getting 5150'd and sitting in the ward for a total of 5 days he returned home. That same night I walked into the bathroom and there was cocaine all over the counter. He has now been to the ER three times over this year routinely saying he doesn't do drugs and its just his depression. The most recent episode was yesterday where he snorted meth and we believe he has been doing that for almost 2 months now. He is addicted, doesnt think the drugs are hurting him, routinely tries to take his own life, and is becoming so skinny hes almost like paper. He won't go to a rehab no matter how hard we try(hes 19 this month so we cant force him into one) is there anyone who was like this at an earlier age and can help me, Im tired of sitting here wondering if the next phone call I get will be one that he has passed."
}
{ "author" : "Dudebro8899",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 03:26:48",
"selftext" : "haven't posted here in a while but just wanted to give an update on where I'm at and where I've been. Almost a year ago i came down to sunny south florida \(ft. lauderdale\) to go to rehab. I had just gotten my second DUI and was feeling at the end of my rope. 

Well, 338 days later, Im out of the halfway house, have a job i love, my own place, money in the bank, great AA friends, and my family is proud of me.

More important than all that material stuff is that today I know I have a choice. I know what to do when i feel like drinking \(call someone, and most importantly don't drink!\)

Let me just be clear, this hasn't been easy. There have bee many ups and downs, many times when my mind was screaming for a drink so bad, times when the conditions were just right and if i hadn't had the knowledge i have, my old self would've been drunk.

But I've learned that I'm stronger than i ever thought i was. I value different things than i used to. Hell, I bought TWO plants the other day for my new place. Im happy with where I am, and Im grateful for what I have.

Drinking almost killed me numerous times, and made my life into a directionless mess where chasing the next cheap drunk \(Busch and bottle shelf whiskey was my thing\) was all that mattered.

To hear my parents and friends tell me they're proud of me and to wake up each day without a hangover or that crushing self loathing is truly a gift for this alcoholic.

Like I said, its not easy. It never will be. But if you put your head down and just focus on making it through this one day, ask for help if you need it, and reach out to someone else, and don't pick up no matter what you can do it.

\-Rob"
}
{ "author" : "NaloxoneRescue",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 04:43:43",
"selftext" : "It's been 30 hours since I've touched dope. I'm reeling.  Doing a sub taper at my mom's house. My family thought I was doing so well. Then I fucked up 1 month outta rehab. My family is threatening to stop helping me out with rent. I'm so scared. I lost everything to this shit, my career, my friends, relationships, and now possibly my home. I know a shot would ease my nerves for maybe 5 minutes but fuck 5 minutes. 5 minutes got me here. I'm sweaty, I'm hot,  I'm cold, I feel like I'm having diarrhea inside my own stomach, my hearts racing,  I'm panicking. All I can think about is how once this sickness is over with I may not have a home to go back to. I hate that I've fucked up my life this bad. I'm supposed to be a nurse. I'm nothing."
}
{ "author" : "sobersally711",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 06:11:34",
"selftext" : "I am so concerned for everyone I see on social media. I used to live in a 50 person communal house where it was basically just a frat house with 25 year olds making a shit ton of cash (silicon valley) 

I hear stories thru the grapevine of how 3...7... now 12??? Are checking into rehab. 

I've come out pretty publicly and chronicled my journey through sobriety on social media and blogs cuz (not to compare) .. I didn't drink as much as my friends. 

I've gotten more than 20 of my own peeps to cut back on drinking but whenever I see someone with party photos on the Gram *sniff ... I just automatically get triggered and walk away feeling awful. I like Instagram for art and stuff but dang, I uninstalled it today cuz I can just see more of my friends headed down that road. 

I volunteered tonight at a benefit concert and was offered some wine, I happily declined and didn't even give it a second thought. I even saw a priest drinking a glass And chuckled a bit

I did drink like 4 glasses of horchata tho which is almost like crack to me so no self control there, but I'll take that every 3 months than dropping $30+ at the bar daily. 

There was a beautiful singer that I really got to FEEL her music. It brought me unexpectedly to tears and I relished in it. Wow. Life! It's so fucking beautiful. I can't believe I numbed myself to this, thinking people were dumb or whatever for expressing emotions..

Nah! I was wrong and am so grateful I have found the light of life. And it keeps burning brighter every single day. 

Thanks for letting me ramble, I missed my meeting today cuz of the concert. 

Peace and love to you and your livers and your emotions today

I will not drink with you today! (Even if I was offered by a very nice lady) 😊
"
}
{ "author" : "throwawayforsomeday4",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 06:18:04",
"selftext" : "I have had the desire to stop using for months now. I hate the way I act when I am high. I hate who I have become. It took me so long to just even come to the point of wanting to go into rehab tho. God. Just the thought of not being in my own bed gives me anxiety. I hate sharing my feelings in front of strangers. I hate being away from home. I don’t go out much. 

Today I had my intake appointment. Stayed up late to do laundry thinking I might go into treatment right away. It was hard sharing details of my life with the counselor. I felt so ashamed. Like I was just this wretched person. I mean who in their 30’s self harms. I’m truly pathetic. 

At first I was reluctant to say that I needed to go to inpatient. I am glad I had him put me on the waiting list however. It’s what I truly need. The desire to use is just too great and it’s easily obtainable for me. I just want to stop the cycle. 

Every time before I do it I feel like I’m not going to feel terrible after using. What’s this one time more? Then immediately after I regret having done it. I have no one to blame but myself. No one. I try to point the finger. It’s messed up. I need to take responsibility for it. If I didn’t want it I wouldn’t get it. I wouldn’t ask for it. I wouldn’t make excuses. 

I am at my lowest point. I don’t think I have ever been this dependent on a temporary feeling before. It’s not even a good feeling anymore that’s the thing!! I don’t know what heck I am chasing but it’s obviously unattainable.  Yet it’s always well maybe this one more time with me.  

I hope they call tomorrow. I was hoping by some miracle they would call today. It’s going to be tough and I’m going to hate it but I can’t possibly hate it more then I hate my life right now. That’s what I have to keep telling myself right? 

Just keep me in your thoughts please. Help me make it through the next however long it is until I get a bed. I start intensive out patient soon and I just don’t think it’s going to be enough at this point. I can’t be in my environment right now and not have the desire. It’s no ones fault but my own. It’s my reality however. 

I just want to be able to trust the people around me who I care about the most. I want to be able to trust myself. Be a good person and get it right. I’m better then this. I know I am. Why is it so hard? 

Please don’t judge me. I know this is all traceable back to me right? Yeah, that’s how gone I am at this point. 

Please, I need help. "
}
{ "author" : "whymarywhy",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 09:00:31",
"selftext" : "I'm so nervous, I don't want to be sucked back in. Since he's been gone the worlds been a little brighter and I focused on my own problems. I'm keeping my distance and not going to be romantic or anything, he keeps baiting me to say "I love you too" 

He's love bombing me
This was his first time in rehab 
But it was only for 30 days
He is excited but admitted he is worried his family and I will not like the "real him" 

This seems bad

Anyone go through anything similar? 

."
}
{ "author" : "dick_stand",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 10:51:23",
"selftext" : "Good day all,

A little background, I quit a 2.5 year H habit 30 days ago, cold turkey. Gave my sister my wallet and keys and then kicked it at home. Used cannabis and immodium to help with withdrawal. Started outpatient therapy on day 13.

The main lesson I've learned is that my addiction was a symptom of my inability to take care of all of my needs. I'm talking primarily about a proper diet, exercise, and emotional regulation. That last one, emotional regulation, is a big one for me. It was only when I started practicing mindfulness as part of outpatient that I realized all the negative thoughts that constantly circle in my head are just that, thoughts. They're not me. And now when I notice that I have a negative thought or feeling (anxiety is a common one for me), I bring my attention to my breath. As I breathe deeply, I begin to move from focusing on the past or future to being completely in the moment. Now is truly the only time that matters. The past cannot be changed, and the future hasn't happened yet, so why worry about it? It's not possible to feel anxious when you are in the now. Anxiety has its roots in the past and future.

Aside from mindfulness, I've been covering 3 miles on foot everyday. I can run about a mile of it at the moment, then I walk the rest.

Also, I've been on a ketogenic diet for 3 weeks now. The first 5 days were hell because my body was craving carbs and sugar so badly. But after that first week of consuming fewer than 20g of carbs per day I started to feel really clearheaded. I've also lost 15lbs, which has made me feel great. 20 more to go and I'll weigh what I did before I started using.

These are the main points I wanted to make. Diet, exercise, and mindfulness are working for me. I cannot recommend them enough. 

Just remember, quitting will not solve all of your problems. You have to change your life in other ways too, or it's only a matter of time before you slip again. I tried to quit a year ago. 20 days in rehab and I was back to using the next week.

Stay strong, my friends. And to those in the first week, it gets so much better. Fight it out, you CAN succeed!




EDIT: Also, DO NOT be afraid to ask for help. Without the help of my sister and the support I've received through outpatient, I wouldn't have these 30 days or (more importantly) the mindset I do. Your family might be disappointed at first, sure, but when they see the places you're going they'll have a newfound respect. Plus, there are few things that build a bond between family like conquering a struggle together.

If you're broke like me with no insurance and you need help call 211. I'm doing outpatient 3 times per week for free, and it's actually a nice place. They've got free inpatient in my state too. Call now if you need some help!"
}
{ "author" : "lilyfreelily28",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 15:04:16",
"selftext" : "My husband's been gaslighting me for months, maybe years, about his drinking.  I was trying to find out what type of disorder causes you to act drunk without alcohol! \(is this real life!\) I got him to a therapist who told him he needed detox and rehab and I told him he either followed her suggestion or I left.  He also had to go or was getting fired next week.  \(This was Tuesday and the therapist's suggestion was obviously a big tip\-off that the few drinks I'd seen him drinking at night weren't all\).  Well, he followed her suggestion / my ultimatum.  He had quite a party first though \- I posted this the other day, but when I went to take him to detox at noon, he ended up going to the ER instead with a BAC of .473.  He's on his 2nd day of detox and we've had a few awkward conversations.  He still hasn't acknowledged to me that he was drinking behind my back and lying about it, or apologize for anything \(I wanted to say goodbye before detox...\).  I've now overheard him tell the nurse and his mom and others how much and how often he was drinking and I'm so angry to find out how much he lied to me, that I want to leave him.    He did what I asked and got help, but the problem was way, way worse than I realized.  I didn't sign up for this.  I have two young kids and I don't want to be a babysitter to him anymore.  I'm so exhausted.  I just want to pack our stuff and leave.  I've got maybe 5 weeks until he comes home.  Maybe my mind will change, but I just don't see it.  I'm assuming this is a normal reaction.  He's been drinking too much since we started dating 12 years ago, but I have no idea when 'the alcoholism' began, when he started waking up and drinking vodka.  When I think of the number of conversations we've had about drinking, and honesty, and who knows what else, I just want to take all his stuff to his mom's house, contact a divorce attorney and contact a realtor.  Sorry, just need to rant. I've only been fully privy to this for 2 days and will seek help asap.    "
}
{ "author" : "Number1DogDad",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 17:46:13",
"selftext" : "I’m a pre-vet student working with wild animals for my internship in the summer. They told me to get a rabies vaccination but my doctor said it wasn’t covered under my insurance and it would be $1800 for all 3 shots. I called my insurance and they said elective travel vaccines are not covered, but I told them they’re for a local wildlife rehab center where I will be working with raccoons, skunks and sometimes bats so it could be covered under preventative health. He wasn’t very fluent in English and kept saying it wasn’t covered under travel. I called again to a lady (who again wasn’t fluent in English) and was told again that travel vaccinations weren’t covered so I feel like I’ve reached a dead end.

I asked my doctor if I could get it cheaper elsewhere but even the cheapest wellness clinic will charge at least $900 for all 3. I’m debating on not getting the vaccine and just getting it when I get bit because apparently my ER visit for rabies is fully covered.

Has anyone who worked with animals and was NOT traveling found any luck getting it covered before or after getting the shot?"
}
{ "author" : "throwaway3736828285",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 19:24:06",
"selftext" : "I never meant to hurt you. Every time you came to the hospital I felt touched. When I called you from rehab it meant the world to me. I swam in that pool knowing you were there for me when I got out.  It’s crazy when I think how much I relied on you... 

All this to say please, we are at war with something we want to conquer. It’s not an excuse, it is a disease. "
}
{ "author" : "GBSandImmuneprone",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 23:02:23",
"selftext" : "Hello. 

I would very much appreciate feedback:

25 M, CC of painless hard abdominal masses. No medications or steps have been taken. There is occasional discomfort when lying in bed but otherwise no other complaints.

CC: 3 abdominal masses. R axillary line 3\-4 cm below rib cage there is a \~1.5 cm hard, painless abdominal mass. 1cm below the L side of the costal arch \(essentially next to xiphoid\) there is a 0.5\-1cm similar mass. 8\-10 cm lateral to left of spinous processes, there is the largest mass, about 1.5\-2 cm similar mass.

H/o: Likely had hyperthyroidism early years; undiagnosed until 21. Guillan Barre \(motor type\) diagnosed 2 years prior after GI illness for 2 weeks.

symptoms of GBS: No pain \(except really bad cramps often, especially in hamstring and traps\), progressive loss of motor function over 5 days starting from distal extremities to neck. Breathing muscles were unaffected and a vent was unnecessary. No/little DTRs bilaterally, sensory function unaffected. 2 weeks in hospital tx'd with ivig after spinal tap and electrical testing confirmed diagnosis. symptoms improved almost immediately and a short course of OT/PT was started 1.5 weeks in. Knees had to be interlocked in order to walk assisted and shoulder/arm muscles used to lift out of seat.

T/fd to rehab facility for 3 months. Walking assisted with bilateral elbow platform crutches and new model of double GS assisted walking unit \(helps with non\-responsive gastrocs, soleus, and tibialis anterior\) after 1 month in wheelchair. Discharged and returned to US \(now 6 months after initial GBS symptoms\). Function gradually returned. Can do slight hops but the 3 muscles mentioned above are still not responding even \~70&amp;#37;.

Hyperthyroid left untreated for fear of repercussions of treatment \(surgery or radio\-iodine\). Has noticeably shrunk in size visually, like around \~60\-80g now. Was on methimazole 5mg for time in hospital, rehab, and 3 months thereafter. Also was prescribed potassium and Alinamin.

Otherwise was heavily exercising prior to GBS. Now walking \~3\-5 km/day. One pack/month and medicinal marijuana as needed for continued cramps.

Typical baseline: HR 80\-110bpm, RR 20\-30, BP 150s/80, H 174cm, W 65kg, never overweight, lost about 5kg in hospital but regained over 1 month.

Medications: medicinal marijuana

Previous medications: Methimazole 5mg, 1\-3x regiment daily for first year; Potassium and Alinamin 500 same.

SS/Exam:

1\) R axillary: 1cm anterior to axillary line. painless, not visible above skin. mostly round; likely in CT tissue layer

2\) L costal arch: same

3\) L posterior back: 1.5cm large, ovular in shape. 

No other Tenderness, distention, etc.

Family h/o: uncle has spindle cell sarcoma, grandfather had diabetes and alzheimers, grandmother had hyperthyroidism

My opinions \(paramedic &amp; nurse lecturer\):

2 years ago, I guessed that I had either GBS or MS upon presentation of symptoms. Thyroid MD I was seeing at time assured me it was Thyrotoxic periodic paralysis without any bloodwork to confirm. Delayed treatment for 2 days while symptoms progressively worsened. I feel that I know my body well and that I haven't been exactly treating it one should.

So here are my thoughts:

colon issue \(10&amp;#37;\): first thing that popped into my mind. it's at 3 different locations that are relatively in the same anatomical region as the colon

CT benign mass \(\~5\-10&amp;#37;\): unlikely as it is in 3 locations and not an isolated incident

Liver issue \(\~5&amp;#37;\): The L L3/L5 lateral posterior back mass &amp; R axillary mass raises eyebrows as to whether this is a liver issue.

Malignant tumors \(unk\): I do not have enough info to deduce. concerns are that uncle on father's side displayed h/o of immune diseases. The spindle cell sarcoma also points to higher likelihood of developing CT\-related tumors.

Unknown \(\~80&amp;#37;\): Most ABD complaints are usually undiagnosed.I also specialize in EM without any GI specialty.

Conclusion: The masses seem to be benign but worrisome as it is in 3 different locations, all presumably in the CT of abdominal wall. The masses do not cause discomfort but recently the lower back has been feeling sore and slightly painful \(3/10\) once or twice a day.

I'd be happy to provide any other info. Any input or help would be appreciated!"
}
{ "author" : "tiffaniamelodia",
"date" : "05/18/2018, 23:41:32",
"selftext" : "Hi. My ex and I broke up almost a month ago. If you want to know more details, please see my other posts. Today, I went to talk to my ex's uncle. His uncle works somewhere close to my job. So during my 1hr lunch break, I decided to go see him.
My ex is from another state and presently he is there. Supposedly he is crashing over at a friend's and working at a construction company owned by his friend's father.
The reason I went to see his uncle is because of two things:
I needed his apartment keys. My ex told me he had left them behind with his uncle/ aunt before he left. 
And I wanted to see if his uncle or aunt could speak some sense into his head. My ex is now refusing to speak to me and he has recently told me he would not be be paying for his half of the bills we share together. 
After speaking with his uncle, I have come to the conclusion that he has been using drugs on and off as of early last year which saddens me and makes me wonder if everything he said was a lie.

I knew of my ex's past from day one. But he ended up being my first relationship and my first love.
He told me of his past when we first met. However he had been cleaned for a year and seemed to have a good head on his shoulders. He seemed confident and was a nice and caring man. As I got to know him, I learned of the struggles of his past and started to see him as a strong individual.

Our relationship was not perfect but we slowly came to understand and love our flaws.
However, Last year everything came crushing when he lost his job. It was hard for him and I believe he fell into depression.
 
I stayed with him throughout the tough times and although we broke up a couple of times, we always managed to find one another. 
When he broke up with me this past month, he told me he was suicidal and that he had been using for some time.

Throughout our relationship, there were times he acted odd. There were times he would be really sick, barfing shaking body aching. I thought it was due to the hard labor jobs he went through after losing the office job. There was one time he broke up with me out of nowhere. He later confessed, he had been using and that was why he had been sick and pushed me away.
Reluctantly I went back to him that time, after he convinced me to forgive him. I was already head over heels and went back on the condition he would stop smoking and never do drugs again. He said he couldn't promise that but he would be honest and work hard to not fall again into it. He never stopped and continued to smoke. And it seems, he also continued to do drugs.

But he was still struggling with money and he was super stressed because of it. His hard labor job was taking a toll on him.

Our fights started to become heated, I hated how we acted to one another. It was hard.
He suffered at work and in his apartment.
His roommates girlfriend was a bitch and later accused us of stealing money from her. His roommate also accused us of stealing a game.
His company took money from his check once because they believed he had stolen something from them. I felt that it was just pure bad luck.

His uncle said to me he suspected he may have been using for a while. The mood swings, the stress , the sickness and even these accusations from work.

After my ex and I moved in together, he lost his job three times in two months. He always told me it was because of this and that and I believed him.
His uncle told me today that it was most likely because he was using again. 

My ex once fainted in our bathroom in the new place we moved into. I called 911 because I thought the worst but not even for a min did I think overdose. When the medics came, they immediately said to me he was overdosing. My ex later that day reassured me he was just overworked and that those people were nuts. My ex had been a paramedic and  when I went to get him, he was already leaving the hospital. I chose to believe him.

When we broke up, his aunt came to pick him up and apparently he had told her and his uncle that i hit him. I have never raised a hand on him.
That afternoon, I only yanked his headphones when he said he was leaving and that he didn't care about anything else. I wanted to take his phone that he acquired because of me. He has a lousy credit and with me, he didn't have to pay as much. His phone and line are under my name.

Now he tells me that I am on my own and that I am only trying to bring him down. He doesn't want to keep in touch with me.
I told he doesn't have to keep in touch, he just needs to make payments on time. He refused.

I am left with a loan we took together and a lease under both of our names.

I can't understand. I can't recognize him.
When I first met him, he was responsible and honorable. He was a man of his word.
I have never done any drugs. I don't even smoke and rarely drink. He is also my first partner and have never dealt with a recovering addict before.

His uncle tried explaining to me that this is what happens when you fall back into drugs again. It sucks you in and you manipulate people to get what you want.

His uncle had a similar past with drugs but worse. He says he knows his nephew has a big heart and is a nice guy but I gotta understand he is no longer that person.


I am so confused. I don't know what to believe. I don't want to believe he was using. That he was stealing, that he lost his jobs because of his vice.
There were times he suggests we go to church. I refused at first but later agreed. We never ended up going.
He also said he wanted to go to meetings again.


I have been crying. Has he been using me? Did any of the I love you actually mean anything to him? What is going on inside his head?
We had made plans for our future. he would work two jobs and as soon as he was financially stable, I would ask for a raise or search for another job with a better salary so that he can go back to school. What happened to that?

He used to be super sweet to me and now treats me like the enemy. He says I'm toxic and that I always have to have my way. He says I am impatient and he needs time to figure himself out.

Can some explain to me what is happening?

 Edit: he was a heroin addict for many years but came down to my state for rehab and after a year of being cleaned, we met."
}
{ "author" : "bukbuk42",
"date" : "05/19/2018, 01:52:31",
"selftext" : "Just a question to those that have truly, truly been affected by this affliction.  I'm not talking about a minor affliction, I'm talking about a major, lifelong dramatic addiction.    At what point is actual rehab necessary?  Like real, professional rehab?   Every little detail is unnecessary as I am sure you've heard it all before.   36 yo male.    In combination with serious relationship trauma more than a decade ago, porn addiction had me afflicted with total ED for years, to the point that dating was just not even an option, and I've gotten used to it.   I just don't have a sex life, and I haven't gotten laid in over a decade.   Lost my job last year, and has gotten to the point where I literally care about little else.   I struggle with controlling myself, and life has lost any semblance of normality.   I am financially stable, have saved for years so I am just living day to day, working out constantly, and have been so caught in the constant struggle between indulging in porn, and attempting to restrain myself from my own urges, that its become this eternal 'war', that I feel warps your sense of reality because you are constantly dealing with or second guessing or letting yourself down or whatever, that it either breaks you down, or you give in, or you become just plain tired of the war itself.   This is a cycle that replays itself over and over and over.   My biggest success was 30 days, in which I truly felt like a new person.    But that was years ago, and Ive been fighting this war for the past 5 years.   

This has become a rant, and obviously doesn't make much sense, but I am going to post it as is, purely as a.   Not too much as a 'cry for help', or as a plead for advice, but rather a stern WARNING for the younger guys here:

Deal with this addiction, while you are young.   It can ruin your life as it has ruined mine.  You do NOT want to be 36 years old, a perfectly good looking, fit, intelligent man as I am, and look around at your friends from high school, and realize that you will never have children, that your genes will not be carried on, because of the advent of sexual technology.  Your very essence and lineage is potentially at risk.    The worst thing about porn, is that it is publicly acceptable.   Get a hold of it while you are young."
}
{ "author" : "milliepop90",
"date" : "05/19/2018, 05:17:21",
"selftext" : "...I feel like I'm honing a superpower. It really does make me feel strong and powerful. I also like to picture the craving as a toddler throwing a temper tantrum "give me shots of whiskey NOW! *stomps foot*" It's harmless as long as I don't give it what it wants, and it'll eventually tucker itself out and get quiet.

Another thing I wanted to share about: I saw a Facebook post earlier from my ex/friend, who I cut off contact with about a month ago when I really started to get serious about my recovery. He's going to rehab today, and I suspect not on his own will. There was a hospital stay mentioned in one of the comments. So, brief history of the relationship: we met last spring, dated for a few months. We lived about an hour apart so didn't see each other much--I actually didn't realize he had a drinking problem until about a month in. But once I did, it became very clear how bad it was and it also became a way to justify my own drinking (which I don't really think *he* knew that I had any issues with alcohol, until I told him I was quitting and shortly after cut off the friendship). Even at my worst I was pretty functional compared to him; he lost jobs, also had really bad gambling habits, ended up moving in with his mom, would completely fall of the radar when he was drunk and ignore my calls and texts etc. He had a couple of brief periods of sobriety where he would attend AA meetings because I or his family would beg him to go, but I don't think he was ever really that serious about real recovery. He actually ended up breaking up with me, but I more or less smothered him until he did. It was a very codependent, unhealthy relationship and then became a mildly unhealthy, one-sided friendship. I finally ended the friendship when I realized part of me was still hoping we would both get better and be able to work things out. I was way too invested in him and his well-being, and as I'm sure a lot of you guys have found out the hard way as well, I obviously could not manage to fix him or his issues and trying just triggered the shit out of me. I told him I could not keep in close contact with him anymore if he wasn't sober, and he said little in response besides that he understood.

I have a ton of guilt for cutting this friendship off. I guess since the circumstances of him being hospitalized and going off to rehab for six months (?? which sounds like a very long stay to me) sound like he spiraled even more out of control after I "dumped" him, and I'm feeling a lot of self-blame for that even though I *know* deep down that it was the right thing to do for myself and my own sobriety. I do not think I would be able to focus on my own recovery if the friendship had continued. *But* I also feel like I'm one of the only people in his life that knows where he's coming from, and even though he brushed off my advice and insight lots of times I wonder if I could have said something to influence him to not let himself get that bad...I dunno. Probably not. Typing that out, it does sound like I'm giving hypothetical me a little too much credit.

So today was especially hard to get through without drinking because I just want to feel better and for the anxiety of worrying about him to go away. If he isn't in rehab on his own terms, I'm afraid of what's going to happen after he gets out. Of course this is all completely out of my control, but I can't help it. I just wanted to get this all out there to some people who may somewhat understand where I'm coming from in this situation. Also, please send him good vibes/prayers if you can spare some. He's an intelligent, compassionate person who deserves to get better; I just hope he realizes that and finds it inside him to *want* to get better."
}
{ "author" : "Game_Over_Again",
"date" : "05/19/2018, 09:25:00",
"selftext" : "I've been great actually,  i know some of you might have been curious.  Got a raise at work, stopped drinking to cover my depression,  got over my ex (for the most part),  decided to move in with my brother....    


Buuuut,  i guess one of those things was wrong.  I get home tonight (still rooming with my ex,  while i make arrangements to gtfo),  i have a drink,  watch a great movie,  cool with my cat,  and that's it.  The ex is out drinking and surely will come home to start a fight soon enough.  Last time she was out until 5am, so i have time.    


I get in bed (couch),  start a documentary to try and pass out to,  cause i have to be up in the morning, Aaaaaaaand here it comes.  The ex walks in, whispering to someone.  No big deal,  she isn't THAT much of a bitch to bring a guy home (even though i suspected she has moved on). Nope,  she has a chick friend...great!  Last time this happened her friend was cocked out and started breaking shit in the house.  Please,  please, PLEASE, let them ignore me and chill the fuck out.    


5 minutes later the ex opens the door,  pulls the cat from my room,  and says "gnight". I can tell she is hammered.  So since I'm up,  i decide to get food.  Her friend is still here. God dammit,  here we go.  I get my food,  walk up stairs,  and shut and lock my door,  so that nobody will barge in.    


The ex knocks,  i open,  she staggers and says hi. She then tried to grab my hand. Nope.  Then she looks like she is trying to kiss me,  but i keep having away,  and kinda laughing.  She says "fine". And slams her door.  K,  gnight,  drunkie.    


I throw on my headphones,  ignore the outside world and try to ignore life cause it's starting to get shitty again.  Rumbling, starts passing from one room to the next.  This is what happened last time, but then it was laughing,  yelling,  laughing,  arguing,  laughing,  screaming bloody murder... This time i hear laughing,  dog jumping from the bed,  silence... And then booom... Pound pound pound,  and porn style moaning.  This bitch is either munching or getting munched,  or they're fucking scissoring.   


Most men would find it hot,  but I'm fucking seething.  This bitch brought some slut home to "fuck" and do it loud enough for me to hear.  It's honestly just destroyed me for some reason.  It hurts,  it feels cold,  and i know it was on purpose.  I leave next weekend.  Could she have waited to reveal her secret,  or maybe just waited and i didn't have to find out? No.  No the cunt couldn't wait.  I'm so fucking glad she's happy (major sarcasm), I'm not,  i hope she gets some sort of std and pisses blood for the next month.    


I don't know why this has gotten to me so bad.  It feels the same as if it was a dude.  You're not really supposed to know when your ex has moved on, but now i know,  and i know it's some ugly butch bitch... Yeah i looked her up on facebook cause she moaned her name.    


It just goes to show how worthless i am to people.  And what did i do this week?  Denied a very sweet girl because i didn't want her to have to deal with my ex.  I didn't want to lie,  and i didn't want her to feel that she was a rebound or anything... Cool...good job.  Why do i exist?  My life is a mess,  and I'm just a fucking joke.    



Once again,  i REALLY don't want to be around.  My life is some dark comedy.  Slow camera pans down a wall as we hear loud moans of ecstasy. As the camera continues downward focused on the wall, as pictures on the wall bounce against the wall in sync with the noises of pounding sex. a large blurry lump appears in the foreground. The camera stops slow descent, the musical sex ensemble continues. The camera focuses on the large blur. It's a man in a bed facing the camera.  His head partially covered by a blanket,  resembling a child scared of a monster in the dark corner of the room.  He winces with every bang. A single tear runs down the mans face.  Fade to black.  A gunshot is heard.  The sex stopped.  Female A- what was that?  Female B- probably nothing.  Keep going....sex continues....End"
}
{ "author" : "uhhlmnop",
"date" : "05/19/2018, 15:20:31",
"selftext" : "69 y/o male, 6'6, 315 lbs, history of severe COPD currently on 3 liters pulse flow o2. Exacerbation due to influenza A in November 2017, did not require oxygen before that point. Developed afib due to complications with flu, currently taking Eloquis anticoagulant. Complicated by bilateral bone-on-bone knees, bilateral avascular necrosis of the femoral heads, spinal stenosis and calcification from major back operation involving replacement of vertebrae and placement of large rods in 1999. Due to physical complications, was unable to complete pulmonary rehab but felt some benefit was had. Complex sleep apnea, on apap machine. Congestive heart failure with pitting edema in legs. Type 2 diabetes, managed well. Longstanding hypertension (30 years approx), managed fairly well with meds. Incidental longstanding thrombocytopenia without explanation, primary care is currently investigating and has recently asked for multiple sets of labs. Unconfirmed medically but I believe he is developing vascular dementia as significant short term memory problems have appeared and grown since the hospital stay, dementia does not run on this side of the family though I know that isn't exclusionary in itself.

Current medications: 

Norco 10-325, 4x day. 
Cymbalta 30mg, 1x day. 
Symbicort (unsure dosages) 1x day. 
Allopurinol 100mg 2x day. 
Clonidine 0.2 mg every 8 hours.
Coreg 25 mg 2x day.
Losartan 100mg 1x day.
Combivent-Respimat 2 puffs 4x day.
Baby aspirin 1x day.
Atorvastatin 40mg 1x day.
Lasix 40mg 2x day.
Eloquis 5mg 2x day.


Quality of life is greatly reduced, and as a caregiver (daughter) I am at a loss for where to start or if there really is anything I can do. Cardiologist said that cardioversion would be high risk due to propofol administration required and that it would be very unlikely for him to stay in sinus rhythm for &gt;6 mo. She said she thought it was too dangerous but put in a referral for a cardiac electrophysiololgist for a second opinion. I am going through the list of those available in our preferred healthcare system to choose one and set the appointment up.

My goals are lofty. In an ideal world I could get him into sinus rhythm, get him off oxygen and blood thinners, and get his knees and hips fixed. There's no fixing his back at this point, but there are injections he could get that are supposed to help. I'd like for him to be able to walk for a bit without decompensating rapidly or being in too much pain. 

So my question(s): Is there any reasonable expectation that diligence and effort on my part can lead him to people who could increase his quality of life? And if so, would you start by tackling the afib, or something else? Does cardioversion seem truly so risky in this case that it isn't even worth the possible benefit of attempting, understanding that ablation may be required in the future?

Thanks in advance, I appreciate this sub greatly and hope my formatting is correct and easy to follow."
}
{ "author" : "narcissophie",
"date" : "05/19/2018, 20:16:21",
"selftext" : "Hey guys, this is my first time posting in this sub. I have always struggled with depression, ever since I was in 6th grade. In 8th grade, I started experimenting with drugs. I'm 18 now and just last year I overdosed on narcotics 3 times, and was sent through a php rehabilitation program for a month. I feel like I have already ruined my life before it began. 

I am now 58 days sober from everything. I am waiting to see my life get better, but it isn't. I'm waiting to experience how great sobriety is, yknow how great recovering addicts say it is. 

I question if being sober is really worth it. I am so deep in my depression and selfishness that I feel like I never want to be sober again, despite hurting the people who love me and going through self destruction. Will I feel like this forever?"
}
{ "author" : "TheCalamityCactus",
"date" : "05/19/2018, 20:24:21",
"selftext" : "I have an addiction to prescription meds. I’ve been clean for almost a year. I am unhappy, insanely bored, increasingly anti-social, and miss my pills. What’s so wrong with feeling good? It’s not like I was doing anything to hurt others while on pills. In fact, everyone liked me better on them. My family doesn’t seem to realize that the good times they’ve had with me over these past 14 years have been when I was medicated. They don’t understand why I’m such a lazy recluse these days. I’ll admit that my addiction got out of control. I’ve woken up in ICU several times without any memory of the ambulance ride, etc. Once I was on “suicide watch” and I wasn’t suicidal. That was Hell. I wasn’t trusted with so much as a tooth brush, and a nurse had to watch me in the shower. I’ve been to 3 rehabs. I know I have zero self control once the bottles are in my hands, although I always promise myself that it’ll be different “this time”. It never is. I thought over time I would find myself again and be okay without the pills. Incase anyone is wondering, I was on heavy amounts of hydrocodone, soma, and Xanax. At one point, I was getting large quantities of each drug from 3 different doctors. People act so proud of me now that I’m clean, but I’m dying inside. I miss it so much. I miss feeling content, and even happy at times."
}
{ "author" : "throwaway8265926",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 01:32:25",
"selftext" : "So I met a girl around 6 months ago who I hit it off with, but we never got into a good boyfriend/girlfriend relationship, so we just stayed very good friends. She started dating another guy around 3 months ago who was somewhat respectable and about 2 grades older, so I was happy that she had found someone like that. 





However, things took a really sudden turn tonight, I found out that he's been giving her oxycodone for at least a week, if not longer. She has no medical need for it, and neither does he. We're all under 18, he's 17, I'm 15, and the girl is 15. I have absolutely no clue what to do, but I'm extremely pissed and nervous that he has been giving this to her. 





My general plan that I've made up within the last 2 hours is to go to school on Monday, tell her to cut the shit and that I'd be happy to have my brother and I take her to rehab (he's old enough to drive), and convince her that it is not out of jealousy, because if it was, I would have already hit up the police with the evidence I have (a few Snapchats and texts). 





The last thing I want is to be caught up with police because of this situation, and the thing I want most is for her to stop doing the drug, and an added bonus would be to convince her to break up with this guy who's essentially abusing her with these drugs (again, not because of jealousy, but because I want her to be safe).





Thank you so much in advance for the advice that could potentially save her from having her life ruined."
}
{ "author" : "ZakCasey23",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 03:00:26",
"selftext" : "I met a girl on the cocaine subreddit. She was funny and interesting and I was really high on xanax perpetually around that time so I don't remember the details, or really even the abstract. To cut to the chase, we talked and then added each other on Facebook. 

She was a 24 year-old heroin addict who lived in Utah and she was in rehab. I'd taken heroin myself a couple of times but I didn't think it was that great - I'd take xanax or MDMA or cocaine any day - but she was a regular user, and she'd inject. I'd never met anyone who'd injected heroin and I'd only met a couple of people who had ever taken it at all. It intrigued me. 

I learned more about her, about how she was originally from out east but moved to Utah for some reason I can't remember. I learned she was once a prostitute; she told me how she hated fucking old disgusting guys "but wouldn't mind banging someone young like you". We flirted a bit, sent nudes. It was playful. She worked two jobs, one at a cinema and one at Victoria's Secret - although she got fired from that job because of the whole rehab thing. It didn't feel real. I suppose it was partially because of how novel she was - a heroin injector, friend I met on Reddit and an ex-prostitute?! - but mostly because she was so far away, on an entirely different continent. We spoke about her rehab, the details, the people she liked and disliked, and most of all her ever-present plans and desires to immediately relapse upon getting out of there.

We spoke on Skype, once. She called me; I wouldn't have accepted the call if I wasn't on xanax due to my anxiety, but I was on xanax so I accepted happily. She had a surprise for me. At first I thought it was the call itself, then perhaps it was the friend she had with her, but then she showed me the heroin. 

I won't try to excuse it by citing my intoxication- I wanted to see it and I would have even if I was entirely sober. In fact, we had discussed how I one day would like to visit America and how if I did perhaps we'd meet and if we did she'd introduce me to heroin. Be the one to inject it into me, even. It turned me on, to be honest. I told her that I'd buy her some drugs from the dark web to help her celebrate her release day, and I intended to. She never got to her release day.

So here was the surprise; an early taste of what could be to come. She - and her friend, it was her first time - were going to inject heroin for me. Whilst saying my name. To my shame I encouraged it; these two hot junkie girls injecting for me (although I'm sure they would've injected regardless of my being on call) - it was appealing. It was so crazy to me I even took screenshots of the heroin being pumped into her veins. She didn't even seem high to me, as high as I was. We spoke a bit more then we ended the call. We kept talking, fairly irregularly, on Facebook, until one day she stopped replying altogether. I was slightly worried, but not really. Eventually she came back; she had her phone confiscated for failing a urine test and because of that her release date would be pushed back even further. We continued talking. We talked about drag queens and heroin and the things she liked and heroin and the things she disliked and heroin and Tim and Eric and heroin and how her brother opened for David Liebe Hart once and heroin. She said she was going to start camgirling and was ordering wigs for it. I still don't know why wigs would be necessary. One thing I noticed was how normal her Facebook page was. She posted about dogs and TV shows and tagged her friends in memes. Her family members were numerous and engaged positively with her. She was loved and gave love. Either no one knew what I knew or everything I was looking at was a lie that everyone was letting themselves believe. Knowing what I know now I'm almost certain it was the former, which makes it hurt that much more.

On the 19th of April, 4 days before my 20th birthday, she was to be released. I say 'released' like she was a prisoner. She could go if she chose to but from what I can remember there was some kind of arrangement and/or expectation from her family, so she wanted to see it through. All the while having absolutely no intention of being rehabilitated. On the 17th she overdosed and died. I don't know the details. I didn't even find out it happened until the 13th of this month when I checked her Facebook. I'd like to share a transcript of our last messages:

16 April 20:51
Her: "omg i graduate this thursday"
Me: "congratulations!
proud of you
i'm sure you've learned a lot"
Her: "obviousl
y"
Me: "what a valuable useage of your time
now you can move on to bigger and better things
become an astronaut"
21 April 04:40
Me: "How've you been enjoying the free life"
30 April 15:25
Me: "u dead again?" (reference to the period she went silent after having her phone confiscated)

I'll leave out the deluge of messages I sent on the 13th when I found out. I spent hours scrolling through her Facebook, looking at all her friends and family, so heartbroken over the loss of their friend or sister or daughter or granddaughter. One post I saw was from her cousin, who from what I could gather was close to her. In it he mentioned how she was fighting "a private, invisible battle". But it wasn't invisible. I think it was to all of them, because why would you tell all these deep secrets to your friends and family? But I was just a guy who did drugs that she met on reddit. She could vent to me about things she couldn't really open up about to other people, and it was the same for me with her. We were protected by thousands of miles of space and the unusual context of our friendship. But I knew. I knew she had every intention to take heroin again. I saw the Facebook account of her brother, her father, her friends. Yet it never crossed my mind to take any action. Again, I even encouraged it, telling her I'd send her a present and saying during our Skype call that I liked the fact she said she was taking heroin 'for me.' I could've told anyone but it felt so distant. And now she's dead, and I think I was the only one who knew. I said nothing. I had a responsibility and I failed her. I never met her, but I might as well have killed her."
}
{ "author" : "CoolComicsJ",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 03:28:59",
"selftext" : "Hello,

If you see my post history, you can see I've got a lot of issues already. So far my main one has been chronic loneliness and depression. 

 I've always felt a gulf of separation between me and others. I was never particularly good at navigating social situations and later in life this inept ability was labeled as High Functioning Autism or Aspergers. I tried connecting to peers and people so badly. My parents were very hands off and my father emotionally abusive. I've felt so detached. 

My depression had gotten so bad, I'm admitted to a rehab center. I been trying to do better, but this one aspect gnaws so bad. My friends are so hard to reach. I feel so cold all the time and just want the warmth of another with me, not in a romantic way. But I can't ever seem to find it. 

In my rehab, we've noticed I get very sensitive to the experience of feeling ignored or abandoned, I don't understand why maybe trauma. Please can someone help me on how to get rid of this gnawing pain. "
}
{ "author" : "puppies4blueberries",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 03:50:07",
"selftext" : "I guess it’s not that weird, I am an alcoholic after all!

But with my 1 year sober date coming up very soon, I had this little voice saying “Just have a drink, you’ve made it this far! You deserve it! No one will even know!”

Excuse me - I would fucking know!

Besides that, everyone in my life would know very shortly because that “one drink” would become 12 drinks which would turn into at least a 3 day binge.. I know this because I tried it about a year ago &amp; that’s exactly what happened. Then I finally gave up doing things my way and checked into rehab.

So, I’m here with you all, acknowledging that craving, because saying something or putting it into writing helps to take the power out of it.

Much love to you all, I’m off to walk my little dog, smoke some cigarettes and watch a silly movie before turning in for the night &amp; getting one day closer to that 365 mark 😊

I will not drink with you today!!
"
}
{ "author" : "GABARanger5000",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 06:46:47",
"selftext" : "Apologies if I'm breaking the rules of this sub or should be posting in r/kratom. Have been struggling with major depressive disorder since May of last year after coming off of benzos. I've been on nearly all the first line SS/NRIs, one TCA and mirtazapine, all of which I've discontinued because of worsening anhedonia/emotional numbness; exceptions being duloxetine which helped anhedonia but sent me to the ER after feeling chest pains \(turned out the drug causes severe acid reflux\) and amitriptyline which I discontinued out of fear of cardiac side effects.

In any case, I've found mu\-opioid agonists to be particularly effective at pulling out me out of a black hole of misery without emotionally numbing me. I was prescribed tramadol for fibromyalgia, but my script was pulled after I began abusing the medication and wound up on gabapentin which made me suicidal. I've had short term successes with tianeptine, but found my tolerance skyrocketing to the point where each day I was taking higher doses. I use kratom very sparingly \(as a party plant, giving me a lift to go out and socialize with people no more than once a month\). Nonetheless, I'm pondering to use as an everyday mood booster to self\-medicate for depression.

I'm wondering if anyone has had experiences using kratom daily to fight depression? I understand it can be addictive and willing to accept it as a crutch to keep me walking in life. I'm more interested in how fast tolerance develops and if there are serious long term health consequences or side effects. For example, I found my self dosing tianeptine as high as 125mg \(sulfate version\) in the course of a week \(up from 25mg\) to get the same euphoria I experienced when I first started the drug. I also find the side effects of certain SSRIs to be intolerable \(25mg of sertraline had me throwing up for the first couple days I was on it\) and I developed panic attacks around a week into escitalopram at a dose as low as 5mg qd.

**TL;DR is it feasible to self\-medicate depression using kratom for a long period \(maybe a year\) without having to raise the dose significantly or experiencing adverse health effects?**"
}
{ "author" : "redgroupclan",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 07:03:09",
"selftext" : "Do you ever stop and awe at the fact that there are rapists, murderers, and despots that can get a girlfriend while you can't? I mean, just how amazing is that? You're less desirable than a monster. You're sitting here so far removed from the experience that you can't even begin to imagine what it would be like for someone touch you intimately. Yet, horrible people that are barely human can convince women to happily do private things with them. It's like, wow, what does that make me? I'm a decent person, I'm a somewhat attractive person, and yet no one wants to be with me in that way. I'm never going to know the intimate touch of a woman (an oh shit moment itself) while horrible criminals will. How."
}
{ "author" : "SomeGuyNamedDood",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 13:27:49",
"selftext" : "I'm at my wits end here. I've been suffering from sleep issues for about 2 weeks. I used to sleep like a rock for 7\-10 hours a night uninterrupted. Over the past 2 weeks I've been having some major issues. I had a health scare, and thought I was going deaf. A petty thing, really. I poked a cloth too far in my ear, and plugged wax into the inner ear canal. A walk\-in clinic visit later, and I was seemingly fine, even for the next day or 2. Maybe unrelated, but I got into a major argument with my sister a day later.  Then, the sleep issues started.

I developed health anxiety and a "lump\-in\-throat" sensation that I could bring on on\-demand \(OCD thinking\), causing more anxiety. Had also worked myself up into getting "adrenaline rushes" nearly every time I thought about the "lump\-in\-throat". Obviously this prevented me from sleeping, and is the only cause I can think of. It developed into a "jerking awake" feeling every....single....time I doze off. I cannot break out of it. I will just lay there for several hours with this going on until I finally give up. From this point, Ambien was my sleep coach. It's all that would allow me to sleep, but the sleep does not feel restful at all, and I go through the day not feeling well. I had to bump it up to an entire 10mg, every night, of this highly addictive narcotic sleep aid. When I used to take Ambien, upon waking after it wears off, I could immediately doze back off and sleep as long as I wanted. This time that's not possible.

I did have this problem many years ago, which is when I was originally given Ambien, and put on an anti\-depressant \(serzone\) for 3 years, which solved the problem. I have been stable without the Serzone for a long time.

I have gone through several days of crying spells, missed work, and hopelessness. My job is at risk if this continues. I don't know how to bring back that normal sleep I once had. Without Ambien I will lay in bed for hours with this repetitive auto\-wake cycle happening over and over. After the Ambien even barely wears off, I develop the symptoms after waking up for any reason, usually the Ambien wearing off. It has made me afraid/sometimes terrified of sleep. Imagine if someone smacked you on the cheek every time you dozed off. I may or may not have sleep apnea, I do snore, but it hasn't caused issues in the past.

I know Serotonin can have an effect, but is there any other chemical/supplement imbalance that can cause this?

I decided to start taking B12, and Magnesium \(oxide, crappy absorption\) yesterday, and my mood improved somewhat, and some of the obsessive sensations I mentioned earlier have lessened, but it didn't return my sleep \(yet\). I only took a 250mg of magnesium oxide so far. 

Also, FWIW, I also have intermittent random burning sensations that happen either around the bladder area, hand or feet, and sometimes in the eyes. I'm fearing \(hypochondriac\) the worst here, guys. I don't have any health insurance, so I don't want to go broke fixing this. I'm assuming these other symptoms are just Anxiety as well. Either way I've hypochondriac'd myself into believing everything from "I'll never sleep again", to "I have Fatal Insomnia" to "my subconscious is now trained not to let me sleep". I just feel off and unwell during the day when I have to resort to a narcotic for sleep. But, it is literally scary and terrifying for me to try and go through the drug\-free process of sleep, only to be denied at the most important time....over and over. I'm unable to cope. Ambien literally lets me fall right asleep \(if it's even actual sleep at all\), and the time i sleep is largely dependent on how much I take. Yesterday tried only 1/2 pill, slept 4.5\-5 hours. I had been taking small amounts probably every other day for the last few weeks. Also wondering if I'm somehow maybe addicted to it. 

As another aside. about a week ago, I was a hysterical crying mess, terrified of even laying down. So, my dad got me drunk \(buzzed, I'm a heavy guy\), 5 or 6 shots, of vodka and drove me around for 5 hours with headphones on. I still had the jerking\-awake crap for a while, but I slept roughly 4 of those hours in the car, then came home, plopped right in my own bed \(no music\) and slept 10 more hours. That's a positive sign, I know. And I'm sure at least part of that was my own sleeping. The alcohol probably only lasted the first 4 or 5 hours in my system. It was something about the comfort of having someone next to me, the motion of the car and the music playing in my ears, that distracted me enough to lay there as long as it took to sleep. At home, I'm sure it would have taken more than an hour to sleep. 

I wish it could have started things improving. Instead, I go around OCD obsessing during the day, and have so much Anxiety when I think about bed that I have no choice but take an Ambien. I could just keep popping the Ambien, but I fear having to go into rehab a few months down the road won't be good for me.

I used to get 7\-10 hours of my own sleep every night. I feel crappy and drugged during the day after taking an entire 10mg Ambien, which makes everything worse.

Any and all input, or tips on non\-addictive remedies to stop this? How do I break down this "wall" preventing me from sleep. Sorry for the random ramblings of text. It is Theraputic for me to vent."
}
{ "author" : "maxnotcharles",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 16:21:05",
"selftext" : "A little background, I’m 19 and pot has always been a problem since I was 15. It got to the point where my parents had to send me to California at a adolescent rehab facility at the age of 17(only for Mary Jane, it was that much of a problem). Although I got so much out of my time there, I still always had the desire to smoke pot even when I was in there. I’d think about taking what I learned there and apply it to smoking pot more responsibly, but that didn’t seem to work out... at all. 

Over the last couple months, I started to get depressed for personal reasons and my “highs” were getting really unpleasant. It was up until about a week ago where I was laying in bed late at night just thinking about where I was at in life. I realized that I all am when I’m a stoner is lazy, unmotivated, and awkward. I stutter constantly, I can’t make connections with strangers, I can’t meet girls, etc. so many things piled up, and it was up until that very moment that my mind legitimately made a connection.

And that connection was to give up the Mary Jane. It was the first time I legitimately wanted to stop smoking pot on my own. I know that if I give it up, I’m so much more together. 

One thing I’ve Learned is... if you wanna stop smoking pot, it’s something you’ve got to figure out on your own(for me at least). This is the first time I’ve done it legitimately for myself and i couldnt be happier with where I’m at right now. I’m able to talk to people so much more smoothly, and I just feel so fuckin good about myself.

With determination, I’m telling ya that anything is possible. I hope all of you are feeling as good about yourselves as I am right now. I’m glad there’s a community where we can all come together and help each other with advice and benefits. Hope you all are having a fantastic day🤙😁"
}
{ "author" : "littlemisstaylar",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 16:21:14",
"selftext" : "Hi all! I haven't posted here in a while but could use some advice! I had an incident today with my pharmacist (not the first time) that I think is extremely concerning, but I'm not sure 1) if I'm overreacting and 2) what I should do about it if I'm not.

For a little bit of setup- I went to the pharmacist to get my ADHD prescription. I take it exactly like I'm supposed to, have never tried to get it early without cause, have never lost a written prescription, and have generally never caused them any issues. The only time I had to get it early (by one day) was when I was leaving for a flight to another state at 4AM the next morning and couldn't reasonably get it filled before then (no 24-hour pharmacies close by). The pharmacy tech was the one who gave me a hard time, and I'm fairly certain she's been the one in the past to give me a hard time about my prescription.

I was sitting in the waiting room after turning it in, and she came up to the counter and yelled across the waiting area- calling me BY NAME- that it was too early for me to get it filled. I told her that I didn't understand, because the date on the prescription was 5/20. She said "well, it's a controlled substance so we go by the fill date and your last fill was 4/21 so we can't fill it." I tried to have her explain to me how that worked. There are 31 days in March and in May, and 30 days in April. Two of my prescriptions were dated a day earlier than the previous month, which would make sense since there are 92 days in that span of time. If they went by the "fill-by date" I'd be missing medication for 2 days. The entire time she was saying all of this, there were other people in the waiting area. She was extremely rude, condescending, and clipped with me. She made me feel like a drug addict and a criminal for turning my prescription on the date for which it was written. She also told me, "I can get the pharmacist to explain it to you to if you really need that." The actual pharmacist ended up filling it, but only after telling me that they are really sensitive about filling early. But I *wasn't filling early.*

That bothered me, but what *really* upset me was that she yelled across the room that I was on a controlled substance, in front of other people. I live in the middle of a city where a lot of people come in and out, and we have a pretty big homeless community in my neighborhood that I see at this pharmacy a lot. I don't know these people, I don't know why they're there. But I DO know that people will literally kill for the medication I'm prescribed, and I felt like this was an egregious breach of my privacy. I also felt like it was borderline HIPAA violation territory. When I was finally able to pay for my prescription, I told the tech, "Just for the future, not all of us who are on this medication are drug dealers or junkies. You might want to revisit how you talk to people about their medication. Also, yelling that I'm on a controlled substance in front of a waiting room with other people in it is extremely unprofessional." And then I walked away before having to hear her response. (That's actually a big step for me, I'm not great at confrontation)

So my question is: should I be as upset as I am about this? And if so, how do I report the pharmacy tech for what she did? I feel like something needs to be said/done. I'll definitely be taking my prescriptions to a new pharmacy from here on out, but otherwise I'm not sure what to do.

Edit: I wanted to make it clear really quick that I do not think all homeless people are criminals who want to rob me for my medication. I know how I worded that could be misconstrued really easily. I also know that we have a really bad drug problem in my city, and a lot of our homeless community struggle with opioid and other drug addiction, which is the ONLY reason for my concern in that regard.

Edit 2: THANK YOU SO MUCH for all the advice and kind words of encouragement. I really did think something was seriously amiss and it makes me feel a lot better to know that I wasn’t overreacting. I’ve made plans to speak with the head of the pharmacy, the corporate privacy policy complaint line, and my state’s regulatory body. I’ll also be changing my pharmacy and notifying the appropriate people about the change so I don’t raise red flags for no reason. Thank you again!"
}
{ "author" : "milliepop90",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 16:28:37",
"selftext" : "Nothing particularly earth shattering was going on--a few minor(ish) triggers...namely finding out my ex/friend is in rehab and the anxiety/guilt coming along with that because I ended contact a little under a month ago, and closing on the weekends at the liquor store where I work is particularly triggery.

But I mostly just wanted to drink out of boredom and wanting to change my mind state. I haven't been 100% sober from alcohol and weed for longer than a couple of days in probably 10 years or so. It's weird and not at all what I'm used to. This sub, texting sober internet friends I've made in the past month or so, and checking into my fb recovery group saved my sobriety this weekend. I'm so glad to wake up to day 36 instead of day 1 today, and so filled with gratitude for the support ive found. Just wanted to share. If anybody else is new and struggling, don't be afraid to reach out for support and accountability. 

IWNDWYT."
}
{ "author" : "kreddit007",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 20:45:41",
"selftext" : "Good day, friends of Reddit.

As anticipated, today was difficult. I work a creative job, and it leaves me frustrated, more often than not.

I left office in a huff and drove home at full pelt, blasting techno down the highway.

I knew if I would go to my room I would end up peeking; which has never ended well.

So I decided to take out my frustration and do some rehabilitation (I'm recovering from some bad gym injuries) in the pool.

An hour later, and I was spent. Although I still managed to smash my exercises afterward. An hour after, I had wolfed down some food and washed the dishes.

Much to my delight, my earlier anger had disappeared.

In my spare time, I left a glowing review for a friend's newly-launched podcast, read about the Bassiani situation, and watched some music festival videos. Oh, how I love music festivals!

20 minutes until 1 am. I'm going to write in my journal now, and get some sleep.

Tomorrow is another day. But I feel prepared for it.

I see that exercise was crucial to taming my emotions today. That's going to be key to beating this addiction...

As always, I wish you all the very best for your growth."
}
{ "author" : "CarolinaWren15",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 22:31:18",
"selftext" : "Al-anon - 
I’m an adult woman in my 30s with two younger siblings, also adults. We have always lived in the same city with my father, but in the last few years have been relocating to different states. I’m in the process of moving ~400 miles away for work. I have a wonderful husband, 3 year old daughter, and I’m pregnant and due in August. My father has been an alcoholic certainly for the last 10 years, and potentially longer. We have never been close. My parents divorced when I was 15, and before that we were always afraid of my dad because of his explosive temper. I’m sure he has some personality and mental health diagnoses, but has not been evaluated. He was in a construction accident when we were kids, and is a below the knee amputee. He does not work and lives on the settlement from that accident. 

In 2016, his second wife - who was kind of holding things together for him - left him and filed a PPO (totally understandable, I don’t blame her).  He did a brief stint in in-patient rehab on the insistence of his sister and friends, checked out ama, and got a DUI. He is now living by himself and has very limited contact with anyone. (He has 5 sisters also living in town.)

We find it nearly impossible to address his drinking with him as he will simply lie about it and is an unreliable narrator. He plays any support people off of each other (e.g. telling me my aunt has dementia because she caught him in a lie - telling my aunt I’m an unfeeling bitch who never calls- etc.) at this point I’m not sure if he even understands he’s lying. 

The most recent problem is that my brother is visiting from out of town and went to stay with my dad for a few nights. He called me frantic to say that there are dead animals in the barn that were in my dad’s care. My dad gave him a bullshit story about parasite infection and the state coming out to take air samples. Utter rubbish.  He has contacted a friend in the police, and it is being looked into. If I had to guess, I would say that they were neglected because my father was in a bender and forgot them. 

I had gotten him to surrender dogs to me before that I put in a rescue, but I didn’t even realize he had more animals. 

I’m sick for the animals, I’m sick that my dad is so sick this could happen, I’m sick I’m not a better daughter who could have stopped this, and I’m also sick because I’m not more interested in stepping in and helping. I’m exhausted with it, and I have my own young family to worry about.  

Does anyone have any suggestions? Absolution? Steps forward?"
}
{ "author" : "PFPsAllDay",
"date" : "05/20/2018, 23:58:23",
"selftext" : "I am a 30 year old male and I am about 5’10” and 165 lbs.  I am experiencing Elbow Pain on the inside of the Elbow.  I play baseball and pitch once a week and while warming up I have sharp pain on the inside of the Elbow. After a while of throwing the pain will subside and I will be able to throw. There is no pain while I throw in the game.  For about three days after pitching the pain will be there and my forearm muscles will also be very sore (my non pitching forearm will not be sore). 

Some background, I played baseball all my life and pitched in college. While in college I never experience arm pain. Obviously I was throwing much more frequently which contributed to injury prevention. Now I throw once a week and it is in a game.  I experienced the same issue last year and thought that a year off would have healed the Elbow.  I tried ramping up and doing an informal throwing program before my season, but I was busy with work/kids/life so it was not as regular as I thought it would be. The pain returned very quickly into the program.  

What is the ailment (tendinitis, torn ligaments etc)? And what can I do to rehab the injury?

I do not take any medication and I do not want to take anything to dull the pain when I pitch as I do want to know if I injury it any further while pitching. 

Lastly, I have not lost any velocity in my fastball once I am warm and the pain subsides.  Please advise. "
}
{ "author" : "ViolentVBC",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 01:18:39",
"selftext" : "So I'm *super* excited about the new season of Arrested Development that releases later this month, and it had me thinking of one of my [favorite quotes by Lucille Bluth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EF6rzEpULDI). 

She's definitely one of my favorite TV character drunks, second maybe only to Lahey. I just love her biting wit and drunken prowess. 

Another favorite scene of mine is where she leaves rehab and is still able to win a drinking contest, might as well [link some of her best moments](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EW_tlvW4aI). 

Anyway, am hoping the next season is hilarious. Season 4 was kind of hit or miss, but it definitely had it's genius moments.

"
}
{ "author" : "standsure",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 01:32:48",
"selftext" : "I guard my sobriety like diamonds.  

I am more selfish about my recovery than anything else, except, perhaps my drinking. 

Everything is fair game in recovery - I am shameless in my pursuit of quality sobriety. 
First the physical, and now the emotional kind. 
I will try any meeting, speak at any rehab  and prison, work with any therapist. 
I keep it close. It's not a confidence to be shared lightly. 


My biggest fear of picking up is I will lose my desire to stay stopped. 
I know (too well) how that story ends for me. The lies I tell to justify my drinking in all its entitled arrogance. 

I didn’t give up  my knight in shining ethanol,  the maladaptive love of my life, to tolerate a half life.  

A life lived  in fear. Or shame. Or to settle for less than. 

I want my life. My whole life. There is no sacrifice here. 

It’s a no brainer. "
}
{ "author" : "SoberBlonde",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 01:50:19",
"selftext" : "One year ago I checked into a rehab for alcoholism. I am so glad I did. Only one of ten people with a substance abuse disorder in our country receive any form of treatment in their lifetimes. Thank God for having had the means to go. I still had to pay something after my health insurance kicked in, and had payments afterward (I just finished paying for it today), but I am happy I made this investment in my future. Thank you Reddit for being a great support outlet as well. To all who struggle with addiction, please go after the help you need, you are worth it, and you are not alone. "
}
{ "author" : "IReallyWantSomeHelp",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 02:54:35",
"selftext" : "Basically my girlfriend is in the process of quitting cocaine, and rehab in the near future once she gets accepted there, i was just wondering what i should do when her withdrawals are at their worst, she'll text me about how bad they are, but i am not able to actually go to her. What kind of stuff should i say to try to help, because i essentially feel useless.

TLDR: Girlfriend has crazy withdrawls, what can i do to help over text"
}
{ "author" : "wappengage19",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 03:19:42",
"selftext" : "I graduated college with a journalism degee this month, but I’m having trouble finding a job. Ideally, I would like to have a job as a copy editor either for a news outlet or a book-publishing company, but I have journalistic writing skills as well, so I can do that if needed.

My mom is having me do vocational rehab to have someone help me find a job and work on interview skills. We got all the paperwork done, and I think I actually start working with someone in a week or two. But from what I’ve seen, most of the services are for lower-functioning people, and the jobs they tend to get are more blue-collar, like stocking grocery shelves. The person in charge told me there’s a person who has helped people get higher-level jobs, and I’m going to work with him, but I’m skeptical about how well this will work.

Does anyone else have experience with vocational rehab? How did it go for you?"
}
{ "author" : "larzzyk",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 05:26:17",
"selftext" : "Prank: funny/embarrassing airport welcome sign (the kind you hold so the passenger knows who to go to). We have three medium signs to work with. One of them will most likely be for his name.

Target: Josh

Context: myself and two friends just arrived in Los Angelas in a cross-country roadtrip. Our mutual friend Josh flies into LAX tomorrow morning to join us and we’ll be picking him up.

About Josh: in the national Guard, works as an EMT, takes jokes VERY well.

Ideas: Can be somewhat inappropriate, just as long as it’s tasteful enough to hold up in front of families. Some ideas have included “welcome home from rehab,” “congrats on the vasectomy,” “how was prison?” 

I know we can do better. Let’s see what you’ve got!"
}
{ "author" : "CusOfTheImplication",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 12:24:49",
"selftext" : "In November of last year, I had to check myself into rehab due to my progressive drinking addiction. It had gotten to the point where I was sleeping with a bottle and getting up in the morning and chugging it just to stave off the shakes. I had no friends, no job, and I couldn’t go to school..

So, with the support of my family, I did what I had to do in order to live really. It was a matter of life and death at that point. Rehab changed my life. I needed that time away from alcohol and the world to gain a new perspective on the world and my life. I will never forget the help I got there and the other great people I met.

Six months later I found myself doing things I would’ve never thought about doing previously. Volunteering, going back to school halfway across the country, and I’m exercising on a daily basis. I’m down 50 pounds and I look like my normal self from a few  years ago. My quality of life has improved drastically and I kinda want to give myself a pat on the back for all the hard work I have done thus far."
}
{ "author" : "Stacynlongo84",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 12:25:49",
"selftext" : "Spent a long weekend with my wife and daughter.. longest we've spent together since alcohol got me the boot back in March.. today I go back to my parents house.. my childhood was filled with anxiety as my parents are pretty difficult to put up with, my mom is bipolar and an alcoholic and my dad is a designated worker bee who is pretty naive or just indifferent to my mother's ways, I've never been able to figure that one out.. I digress. So my mom gets a little testy when I don't drink with her..  like I'm better than her because I chose not to, or she becomes paranoid that I will tell my father about her drinking because I'm not drinking.. well firstly I dont crap where I eat, I have to deal with the woman like 80% of the day alone.. 
I handle my sobriety so well on the weekends when i am with my wife... every Monday when i get to my parents it's like the rug gets pulled out and by Monday night I'm lashing out at my wife because my reality is I'm at my parents and I feel my mental health just going in a tailspin. I wish I could afford to live someplace else, I cant.. my decision to drink led to me losing my job.. albeit a shit job to begin with. 
I've begged my wife to let me come home, for my mental health sake for my recovery sake but like most family of addicts I have pushed her too far, hurt her too much and she isn't ready for me to be home until she can see I can handle pressure on my own.. which is hard for me as I am basically a debilitated codependent.. hence the alcohol. 

First on my list is to throw out the plethora of empties from under my bed, it's like literally a bed of lies, you know? I've felt great being wife my wife and kid since thursday.. havent had anything to drink in days.. 
First time in my life I am not drinking because I know it's a problem and it's my decision and I didnt have to go to detox/hospitalization/out patient rehab to do it.

I've never just accepted that it's something that I have no control over when I have it. That's so hard for a stubborn ass country girl. 


I guess today I just need some encouragement.. some courage, someone to tell me I'm going to be okay and not snap in the process... "
}
{ "author" : "thepoorfish",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 15:01:10",
"selftext" : "Hey guys! 

We are here in the US legally with a very successful business in Southern California, we’ve been residing here for almost 10 years now but somehow it’s starting to feel like this country is making it hard for us to live here when taxes and healthcare costs skyrocketing. My wife and I are considering moving to a european country that has a nice culture and amazing beaches.  Thank you for your help!"
}
{ "author" : "figurehead00",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 16:29:04",
"selftext" : "Hi all!  
  
So here’s the situation. I’m 35 and have been living with untreated Depression, Anxiety, and, you guessed it, ADD. I was a terrible high school student, and have worked a series of factory jobs I hated and office jobs I was terrible at since. I’ve been fired from my last two office jobs, couldn’t keep up, couldn’t focus, couldn’t begin to get/stay organized, and just couldn’t understand my job no matter how much help I got.  
  
When I got fired earlier this year I decided something HAD to change. I went to get help, and I’m working with a psychiatrist to manage my mental health. Currently on 25mg generic Adderall XR x2 day and 20mg generic Prozac. I think it’s helping! At least the ADD medication. I also joined a Vocational Rehab program to help people for whom mental health has been a detriment to their careers (or lack thereof). I took a test to measure my interests and aptitudes and did pretty well! Based on my scores they really want me to go to college. Yikes.  
  
I tried this about 10 years ago. I tried like 3 different times to go to community college and it was the same as my office jobs. I couldn’t keep up, couldn’t get organized, felt like everyone else was SO much smarter than me. ADD was in full effect, along with crippling social anxiety. Sometimes I would almost have a panic attack trying to go into the classroom and would just go sit in my car. It was rough, but as the psych and Voc Rehab pointed out, I was untreated. They think I can do it now, even if I’m not sure. I’ve spent the last decade convinced I’m just too dumb for college so the idea completely terrifies me.  
  
Has anyone been in a similar situation? Anyone spend years thinking they couldn’t never go to college, but then go? If anyone could share their experience or advice I would be so grateful.  
  
**tl;dr** - Finally getting my ADD treated at 35 and considering trying to go to college. Has anyone done this? Any advice for going to college with ADD? Especially going as an ADULT with ADD. Thanks!  
  
**Edit**: I forgot to mention. The test I took, the CareerScope, took my aptitudes and interests and reccomended Arts/Audio and Visual Tech/Film. I was kinda thinking about going to school for video production, editing, etc."
}
{ "author" : "figurehead00",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 16:41:47",
"selftext" : "Hi all!  
  
So here’s the situation. I’m 35 and have been living with untreated Depression, Anxiety, and ADD. I was a terrible high school student, and have worked a series of factory jobs I hated and office jobs I was terrible at since. I’ve been fired from my last two office jobs, couldn’t keep up, couldn’t focus, couldn’t begin to get/stay organized, and just couldn’t understand my job no matter how much help I got.  
  
When I got fired earlier this year I decided something HAD to change. I went to get help, and I’m working with a psychiatrist to manage my mental health. Currently on 25mg generic Adderall XR x2 day and 20mg generic Prozac. I think it’s helping! At least the ADD medication (only a week or so in on the Prozac). I also joined a Vocational Rehab program to help people for whom mental health has been a detriment to their careers (or lack thereof). I took a test to measure my interests and aptitudes and did pretty well! Based on my scores they really want me to go to college. Yikes.  
  
I tried this about 10 years ago. I tried like 3 different times to go to community college and it was the same as my office jobs. I couldn’t keep up, couldn’t get organized, felt like everyone else was SO much smarter than me. ADD was in full effect, along with crippling social anxiety. Sometimes I would almost have a panic attack trying to go into the classroom and would just go sit in my car. It was rough, but as the psych and Voc Rehab pointed out, I was untreated. They think I can do it now, even if I’m not sure. I’ve spent the last decade convinced I’m just too dumb for college so the idea completely terrifies me.  
  
Has anyone been in a similar situation? Anyone spend years thinking they couldn’t never go to college, but then go? If anyone could share their experience or advice I would be so grateful.  
  
**tl;dr** - Finally getting my ADD and Depression treated at 35 and considering trying to go to college. Has anyone done this? Any advice for going to college with ADD/Depression? Especially going as an ADULT. Thanks!  
  
**Edit**: I forgot to mention. The test I took, the CareerScope, took my aptitudes and interests and reccomended Arts/Audio and Visual Tech/Film. I was kinda thinking about going to school for video production, editing, etc. "
}
{ "author" : "TheClassyTulpa",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 16:59:40",
"selftext" : "I’m extremely irritated how crazy I’m driving myself and the people around me. Every time I slip, I take responsibility and apologize to anyone I talk to. Even if nothing bad was said or happened. Having exchanged dozens of apologies with mutual friends during moments of being dumb, I realize how much my apologies and sincerity is meaningless because I just can’t make a decision and stick with it. Every time I pursue sobriety again, I have clear exact reasons why I want to do this. But I still screw it up by fooling myself into thinking I’ve over reacted with this as much as I’ve done with everything else in life. Honestly? Why can’t I remember the best reasons to stay sober when I need them the most? Why can’t I just pick up the phone and call someone to talk me through a craving instead of succumbing to it. Why can I be comfortable in my own skin for a month, but get hit with a craving that is borderline painful that will not pass no matter how much I think through it. I don’t want to die from this or ruin my life, or push away the last friends I have. But I’ve felt I’ve tried everything just short of Rehab. I have to admit now that I’m honestly scared. I don’t want the argument I have with myself over drinking or not drinking to be a part of my life anymore then actually drinking. Why am I such a mess?"
}
{ "author" : "SWTCH_D1G1TS",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 20:55:25",
"selftext" : "This is a bit long, but please read my entire story. 

I'm an alcoholic and have been working my way down from a liter of liquor per day, to a 5th, to Four Lokos to nothing after Friday night since I woke up with a massive hangover.

My triggers are stress and my roommate who drinks rum and coke in his bedroom &amp; leaves the bottle in the kitchen.

I just moved in with him and drank with him a few times, but seeing him in his mid-40s, barely working as a bartender without a car, no kids nor even a girlfriend (and very out of shape) it's opening my eyes that I'll be where he is in 15 years and still drinking to cope with the depression.


I got my first DUI last October and was so drunk it took 6 officers to restrain me and a K9 bit my left bicep. I'm currently on probation until March, 2019 for the DUI, Disorderly Conduct and Resisting Arrest. I took a plea deal otherwise I could've taken the case to trial and risked going to prison for 2-4 years because I hit the K9 and spit on it after it bit me, which is assault and dispensing bodily fluids on an officer.
I got one year probation and waived my right to sue the police department for excessive use of force. I feel I made the right choice even though there was no need for the K9 to bite me and scar me for life. The police bodycam footage was played during my sentencing and the 6 officers had me restrained enough.

Since I'm on probation I can't drink, and AA doesn't help me because I don't want to hear other people's same stories when I have enough problems of my own. I can't afford rehab, and I just want to stay sober for good and that's why I'm reaching out to this subreddit and spilling my guts about my problems. 


Any help would be greatly appreciated. 

"
}
{ "author" : "Sewardo",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 22:08:13",
"selftext" : "Sorry for formatting on mobile

So right of the bat I have a dead uncle who died of meningitis and a dead brother who was miscarried. Then when I was about 8 or so my auntie committed suicide. When I was 9 my mum and dad got divorced which fucked me up for a while. Then About a year after that my grandad had 2 heart attacks and my great nan died what of I’m not quite sure. Also my auntie got cancer three times the last time unfortunately killing her on her daughters birthday but also a week after her mums death also caused by cancer. My uncle and his wife got divorced also. My other uncle and his partner split up also which sent him down a very fucking dark path of drug addiction(mainly heroin I think) and he also won’t go into rehab because he thinks as soon as he does his partners “people” will come after me and my family and kill us which is something he just made up out of no where. Also the girl that I’ve fallen in love with is also apparently moving so I’ll probably never see her again soon. And all this is starting to make me fall but I Can’t fucking fall because If I do so will my mum and that girl I mentioned earlier and I can’t fucking let that happen I care way to much for them both. And in case you were wondering the girl has no clue I love her or at least I don’t think she does.  Also I am currently fucking 13. And One last thing I forgot to mention. I watched my nan have a fucking heart attack and that fucked me up a lot also. And yeah I know everyone has loved ones who have passed but I just can’t take the amount that have passed from me. There’s a few other things stressing me out but this is already very long. And also one last final thing I swear I’m not suicidal I’m just a bit fucked yo at the moment
 
Thanks for any responses l, I appreciate it."
}
{ "author" : "Leopardoptera",
"date" : "05/21/2018, 23:19:59",
"selftext" : "I found a baby wild mouse this past Tuesday, young enough that her eyes were still closed but she had some fur.  I tried my damnedest to find a wildlife rehab placement for her but nobody would take her, so I decided to look after her myself.  I had the week off work and I had previously hand-raised kittens, so I felt I could give her a good chance at life. 

Everything went smoothly until Saturday, when she developed diarrhea.  I was unable to find much information on how to properly treat diarrhea in a baby mouse so I did the best I could, but she became emaciated after fasting on fluids for a few hours.  This concerned me.  I continued to move slowly according to my instincts, but her rate of recovery was not good and in my worry, I was reckless.  Against my better judgement, I gave her too much milk too soon and missed warning signs that ought to have corrected my course.  She died early this morning.

I was brutally tired when I made those decisions, due to having to stay up all night feeding her every half-hour (I was up with her every two hours in the days before that).  I know I wasn't thinking straight.  I was operating on very basic information which made decision-making more difficult.  And I know that even if I had done everything right, she may still have died as even adult mice are touch-and-go with diarrhea.

But she was a very sweet and very tough little mouse.  I know she wanted to live and knowing that I may have contributed to her death, even if my intentions were good, is killing me.  I am wracked with sorrow and guilt.  How do I learn to accept what I've done and move forward from this?"
}
{ "author" : "shibantics",
"date" : "05/22/2018, 01:54:20",
"selftext" : "I just got back from vacation with my husband and am overwhelmed with how much my life has changed since I got sober. 
When I came into sobriety, I was 28 years old with a great job, nice things, and a marriage. I thought I was holding things together but I was actively dying from alcoholism. Every time I would travel for work, I would end up in the hospital with a lethal amount of alcohol in my system. My husband was getting ready to leave me and I was missing meetings for work. I was drinking from the time I woke up in the morning to when I would pass out, wake up, and do it all over. I was on conference calls and in meetings drunk. 
My husband was getting ready to leave me when I got sober and I knew my job would follow. Then I would lose my housing, money to support myself, and anything else I held of any value. I was lucky to not be a low bottom drunk but I was and am absolutely eligible for it. 
I got sober through intensive outpatient rehab and AA. I had to be brutally honest with myself and willing to do anything to get and stay sober. I had to be honest with my employer about my drinking problem and take disability to get sober and enter treatment. 
Today, life is more full than I ever could have imagined. I still have my job and was able to get through a large reorganization of the company and move across the country with my husband and stay sober. My marriage is better than it’s ever been and while my husband is not an alcoholic, he says that me getting sober is the thing he’s most proud of. 
If you’re just starting out or struggling, there is NO problem a drink won’t look at, laugh, and say “oh let me show you something that is actually fucked up”. 
Thank you for being here for me and our collective sobriety. IWNDWYT! "
}
{ "author" : "mahogany83",
"date" : "05/22/2018, 04:09:29",
"selftext" : "Went to a rehab facility and got accessed today. I actually haven’t drank in almost a week for the first time in a decade. They recommended 3 day’s a week of inpatient which will let me keep working. Praying this all works out. Luckily I’m pretty sure I’ve passed the bad withdrawals but who knows. I hope my insurance covers the bulk! Wish me luck! All of y’all are awesome! IWNDWYT "
}
{ "author" : "hbaker565",
"date" : "05/22/2018, 11:38:29",
"selftext" : "For the last month iv moved from powder to opms extract and I crave it daily. I'm looking for a rehab to help me . I'm a mess. Any advice for me? "
}
{ "author" : "hree1234",
"date" : "05/22/2018, 11:57:01",
"selftext" : "Some backstory before I get into what I figured out last night and how it's close to driving me to getting away from my mom all together. Me, my sister, my mom, and my grandparents live together. We didn't start living like this until we were 10 when my mom and dad divorced. My mom and dad were both huge drug addicts, I don't remember most of living at the old house (I probably actually block it from my mind) but I do have a few moments of my mom almost overdosing within the last few years. She was doing very bad and we gave her a shot at rehab. She took it. After 3 long months and just coming home, she took enough pills to really put her out. I came into her room and saw her on the ground passed out and had to call the police. She quit after I briefly moved out last year when I found her phone and read through multiple convos asking to buy pills from people. Yesterday I knew she was high and had been for a few days. She left her phone in the bathroom while she was cleaning and since I knew the password I got on. I could tell she had been deleting texts but there was one conversation left. I clicked on that guys name. (I had been at my aunts all day and had been waiting for her to pick me up while this conversation was going on) A man she was talking to offered her (for sex)' $50 or $25 and 10 bars and I guess she took the offer. I am absolutely disgusted with my mother and how much she is ripping my family apart. While everyone thought she was late getting me because she was running errands, she was really prostituting herself to men for pills. I don't know what to do. I don't want to see my mom dead and I also don't want to see her homeless if my grandparents kick her out. 

Edit: Another thing im really upset with is because of this ive decided not to walk the stage for my graduation. I don't want her acting a fool and embarrassing me in front of everyone, she's done that enough. I have to miss a really big milestone for me because of her drug use. "
}
{ "author" : "LameInsultGuy",
"date" : "05/22/2018, 14:43:20",
"selftext" : "My mother attempted suicide last year. She's had a life long struggle with addiction, from alcohol to opiates to gambling.

Recently she started drinking again after recovering from her nearly successful suicide attempt.

We took her to the ER because the local detox center would not accept her into their program without medical clearance due to her history of heart problems.

The hospital admitted her and detoxed her over the course of four days. She had suicidal thoughts in the hospital and after release however, so we decided that we would try to find some help for her as soon as possible.

I took her home so she could get showered and change clothes after being in the hospital, and in the twenty minutes it took me to get to my house and clean up she had texted me that she had already had two beers.

We took her to a neighboring city's ER right then, she told them of her thoughts of harming herself, but since she didn't have a plan to do so, there was nothing they could do, so they sent her home and told her to try the behavioral health service in the morning.

The next morning, after a lengthy wait, we were told there was nothing they could do either.

We've gone through every step as instructed by these services when they tell us "We can't help you, but these people can" only to be told the same thing each time.

I'm her only family in this area, my work schedule is set in stone and I can't be there with her at night when she starts drinking, to keep her from hurting herself. She lives alone, she struggles with depression and anxiety on top of her addiction, and it's only made worse by the fact that each and every placed we've reached out to for help shoves her out the door without actually helping.

She's located in northern Ohio and addiction and rehab centers are jam packed, but I'm afraid if we don't do something..."
}
{ "author" : "rdy2change",
"date" : "05/22/2018, 17:21:50",
"selftext" : "Did you find your journey to stopping drinking easier achieved with or without rehab? 

I think I can see the ups and downs for different people, but I’ve never experienced it so I’m curious."
}
{ "author" : "ncvlf2nk8",
"date" : "05/22/2018, 23:57:45",
"selftext" : "I'm caught in a cycle that seems never-ending. I'm new to Reddit, first of all, and I need to reach out. I've been to in patient treatment numerous times (this last time was bordering on six months). I always do great while I'm there. I got out of rehab a couple of weeks ago and have already lost my job and gotten tremendously sick."
}
{ "author" : "Willy_Maykit",
"date" : "05/23/2018, 00:04:56",
"selftext" : "[This company needs workers so badly it's putting them through drug rehab](http://money.cnn.com/2018/05/22/news/economy/employers-opioid-rehab-belden/index.html)"
}
{ "author" : "UnansweredLies",
"date" : "05/23/2018, 02:07:50",
"selftext" : "(Using a throwaway)  

Reasons why nothing matters.  

1. Governments lie about anything and everything and get away with it.  

2. American school systems are complete shit. Our intellect is based on a 1-100 number when our brains haven’t even fully developed yet. Schools don’t care about the students mental health. Instead, they just punish you for staying home if you’re in a horrible mental state. Children and teens kill themselves over a number. If we get a failing grade, we’re punished for it no matter the circumstances.  

3. All we do until we retire at 65 years old is wake up, go to school/work for 8 hours or more, get stressed and depressed, come home exhausted, spend time with family for a few hours, sleep, and repeat. We’re all just slaves stuck in an endless cycle of pain.  

4. For men, society views us as sex-hungry freaks. If I’m near a kid I’m called a pedophile. If I say hi to a female stranger I’m called a creep. But if a woman is near a kid, she’s just kid friendly. If a woman says hi to a stranger she’s greeted nicely. Fathers can’t even go outside with their kid without getting weird looks. Statisically, men commit suicide 3.63% more than women. If a women hits a man, people ask what did the man do wrong. If a man hits a woman, even in self defense, he goes to prison for domestic violence or assault. Society makes men suppress normal human emotions and actions, such as crying, to be “more manly”.

5. This is controversial, but religion is bullshit. It has a factor in almost all war and all it does is divide everyone. Where’s the God(s) when children are starving in Africa or dying of cancer?
6. Conspiracy theorists (like myself) are called mental and insane even if they have tons of proof for a theory. I’m not trying to be the stereotypical “woke” person, if people would just open their eyes they would see the world isn’t a beautiful place with no bad people other than some low life criminals.

7. We kill others due to disagreements. This was mentioned when I was talking about religion, but how many deaths have come from religion? Whether it be war, ancient sacrifices, or anything. We are a war species. Many people all over the world are constantly scared about a new war starting, whether it’s World War 3, or even just a small civil war.

8. The American government (and I’m sure many others) is just straight up horrible. They lie to the citizens about many, many things. High level politicians can commit crimes with no punishment because they have money and pay them off in secret. The 2-Party system that we have right now does absolutely nothing except divide America.

9. Racism. Racism was just very beginning to die down in the US, until some bullshit came up with the white community. Now it’s the cool thing to make fun of white people. The reasons why people are racist to whites is because they think that whites now are responsible for slavery that ended around 200 years ago. And I know this isn’t just subjected to whites but this is the only thing I can truly relate to, being white. No race is superior to another. We are all human. 

10. Although this is just beginning, SJW bullshit. I’m not jumping on the hate bandwagon so I’m gonna keep this short. Gender should stay biological physically and legally. Male and female. Mentally you can identify as a damn otherkin firefox polyqueer for all I care. Sexuality wise you can be attracted to anything you want as long as it doesn’t hurt me or anyone else. Women have all the same rights as men and equal pay.

11. We are nothing. We're not even a spec inside of the endless void of our universe. This lifetime, my only lifetime, will mean nothing. I won't leave an impact on anything. And for the people who do impact Earth and humanity in huge ways, what the fuck does it do in the long run? We're going to die out like all species eventually. Nothing can save us from death. I'll die, you'll die, everyone I've ever met will die. Hell, we don't even know if there's an afterlife! There's no physical evidence or any sort of evidence other than some books for 2000 years ago. The universe won't even change in the slightest way when humans die out, so what's the point in life? What's the point in trying every single fucking day of my life when I know deep inside that I am nothing. Everyone is nothing. Life is just an endless cycle of agonizing misery. I mean I don't even know if I exist! I don't know if everything is a simulation and every other organism other than me is a part of the simulation. I just don't know.
​"
}
{ "author" : "2sick2tired",
"date" : "05/23/2018, 06:17:29",
"selftext" : "Like so many of us, I am an addict. I’m turning 30 in a couple of weeks. I’ve been using on and off since I was 20 years old. Started with Percocet 5/325, then 10/325, followed by roxies(30mg). At first I was taking them orally then I began sniffing them and later moved on to smoking them. 

Things spiraled out of control real fast. By my 23rd birthday I was doing anywhere from 15-20 (yes you read that right) of them a day. As pathetic as it is, smoking was my ROA of choice but my lungs started to feel REAL bad and I began sniffing them again. Contrary to popular belief, even though intranasal supposedly has a higher bioavailability, I was getting less out of the same amount of pills than I did when I was smoking them.

When I was 24, I accepted the help being offered to me and agreed to go to treatment. I went to detox at a local hospital and they were supposed to do a quick methadone taper but my insurance suddenly refused to pay and I was forced to leave after the 4th day. Needless to say, coming from 600mg of oxycodone daily to a half-assed methadone taper that went from 35mg to 20mg in 4 days, I left that place feeling TERRIBLE. 

I got straight into a cab and flew across country to a faith-based rehab (the only place that took me in for free) which was a 6 month program. For about 10 days I was bedridden and feeling miserable. I was on the verge of going to the ER due to how bad I was doing. By the grace of god (ironic huh?) I somehow pulled through the physical part. 

I didn’t get more than 2 hours of sleep for the first 10-12 weeks. Literally 2 1/2 to 3 months. I would lie down and pass out instantly and wake up in 90-120 minutes like clockwork. My sleep slowly returned and I began to get normal rest. The place I was at was very umm... “minimal” to say the least in terms of accommodations. We got fed REALLY well but that was about it. It was basically a labor camp, we worked 40 hour weeks but I didn’t mind. I needed the structure. Church every Sunday and in-house prayer twice a day. Once in the morning before breakfast and once before dinner. 

I slowly but surely regained normalcy. By the time the 6th month rolled around I was feeling great. No PAWS, no cravings. I was basically my old self. It was amazing. I couldn’t believe I was feeling so good. And to be honest, by the time the third month rolled around and I began sleeping, I got that mythical “pink cloud” and for some reason, the feeling never left. I felt GREAT. I was working out, got in amazing shape and gained the much needed weight that my scrawny body lost due to the years of malnutrition. 

I graduated the program and decided to stay an extra 2 months just because I felt so good and safe there. My 25th birthday was a week away and I was feeling homesick so I decided to book a plane ticket and head on home. I got home, celebrated my 25th birthday totally sober and everything was going great. 

One of my friends found me an amazing job with great pay and great benefits. I was working and life was looking real good. I saved up money real fast because I was living at home rent-free. I saved up enough money to buy my realistic dream car. I was on top of the world. 

I was hanging out with my buddies who were sober, going to the gym, helping out around the house, going shopping. For the first time in my life, I was living like a responsible adult. One night we were at a buddies house just hanging out and things were going great. Everyone left and it was just me and the host. He went into another room and I heard what sounded like foil being crumbled. My body began to shiver. The hairs on my arms stood up. 

I couldn’t contain my curiousity and got close to the door. I heard the crumbling again and I opened the door. There it it was. My friend was smoking a roxy. It felt like a demon took control of my body and I couldn’t control it. I was sober for around 10 months by that time. I begged him for a pull and to no ones surprise he obliged. It was the beginning of the end. 

I made him take me to his dealer and I purchased 2 roxies for myself and one for him. This is where it began. It started off as a once a week thing. Just 2 pills every Friday. Then on saturdays. Then sundays. Within 2 months I was smoking 4 roxies daily again. My performance at work began to noticeably suffer and my boss asked if everything was okay. I said it was. It wasn’t. 

I began skipping the gym. I began eating less. I began losing weight and losing it fast. I kept up the charade for as long as I could and one day I just stopped showing up. No phone calls, no emails. Just stopped coming. Due to an unreliable connection, I wasn’t always able to score before work and I tried to make it to work but the constant sickness got the best of me. 

I was now jobless. I hid the addiction from my parents and blamed the weight loss and quitting the job on a severe depressive episode and they bought it. Not too long after my money ran dry. Somehow I managed to make a buck here and there and ended up getting stuck in a stage where you’re constantly sick except on the days where I could score which were about twice a week. I couldn’t stay sober long enough to get past the withdrawal because I kept relapsing just as I was about to be clean every week. 

This lasted about two years and I had the bright idea to move across country again because I figured that my location was the problem. Surprise, it wasn’t. Within a week, I found another connection on the sub that isn’t here anymore and began using H. It’s been two years since I’ve moved and I’m as hooked as ever, only this time it’s H and not pills. Not like it makes a difference.

Once again, I’m stuck in the loop of never ending sickness where you relapse every 2-3 days and constantly stay in withdrawals besides the days where you use. My health is worse than before. I’m currently unemployed, broke, and spent my last $40 on more H. I don’t have any more money. I don’t have any more excuses. I don’t have any more options. I don’t know what to do. I want to quit. Tomorrow is day one. 

That friend who I relapsed with is now dead. My other best friend passed away 2 months after he did. Both of them overdosed. 


Tl:Dr

Got hooked on oxycodone, things got real bad, went to rehab, things got great, came home, stayed clean for a while, relapsed, lost everything, moved across country, kept using, on the verge of losing everything again. Going to try and quit. 

I’m sorry for the short novel. Thank you to everyone who bothered to read it. Good luck to those struggling and congrats to those who are doing well. "
}
{ "author" : "Bratztheanime",
"date" : "05/23/2018, 08:35:53",
"selftext" : "                         (Warning: Kinda long 🙃)


Anybody who is stubborn and takes medicine can relate, this is my story. I am the middle child of three girls. Not only did i have “middle child syndrome” but i was diagnosed with depression and severe anxiety at a young age. 

It all came to surface when my mom got sick with stage 4 liver disease when i was 9, and about 2 years later i started going to therapy. They would try and give me different dosages of different medicines in hopes to at least make me come out of my room and brush my teeth. 

The thing is, i’ve always HATED taking pills of any kind, even the chewable vitamin pills that tasted like cherry toothpaste. So my refusal+the ever so changing pills would only make things worse. At one point i had to go to a rehabilitation center for teens called ‘Positive Changes’ because my mom was worried i’d kill myself. 

That was the only time i remember taking pills regularly for a good year, and i felt pretty good. I didn’t feel the need to harm myself or to lash out because i didn’t know how to express how i felt. I was on Wellbutrin and Zoloft at this point, around the time i was 14.

When i left that place i stopped taking them all throughout high school, but recently i started up on Zoloft again. I can’t describe to you how normal i was feeling, i had always wondered what people without my issues thought like/acted like and with Zoloft i got a little glimpse into that like. Since i’m older i figured it’s time for me to stop feeling sorry for myself and take action, and i don’t regret it.

i slipped up about a month ago when i got sick because it hurt to swallow them, so i said “Once i’m better i’ll get back on them” Stupid ass me forgot how you can’t just take them/not take them whenever you want. I haven’t taken them since then and my brain feels like it’s melting inside out. Panic attacks won’t stop and the need to self harm is a constant knocking on my head. 

I haven’t felt so alone or anxious since i was a wee tween. I know i’m not alone, but i have felt like a burden to everyone who loves me and i can almost physically feel myself pushing them away. 

I am currently sitting in my bed, tears pouring down my face because i just want to be normal and not have to take a small blue bar every morning/night to feel like i can keep going on with life. That little orange bottle has been my biggest nightmare for 9 years. 

It’s 3:28Am. All i want to do right now is sleep, but i haven’t in a good 3 days. I keep thinking 1000MPH about things i can’t control, and things i can’t change. I feel so helpless in my own body. 

I am who i am, weather i like it or not. 


"
}
{ "author" : "shwoooop",
"date" : "05/23/2018, 16:05:16",
"selftext" : "Schools are a little more straightforward with the steps/lanes pay-scale in my state. I could look at the teachers' contract and know about what type of salary offer to expect. I have no idea what salary I should be looking for in a CF position in a rehab or SNF setting (full time). Pediatric outpatient setting? I'd like to be informed enough to know if I'm getting a ridiculously low offer or one I should jump on. I live in an urban area in the midwest and aside from academic experiences have excellent related professional experience. "
}
{ "author" : "hwy380",
"date" : "05/23/2018, 18:03:33",
"selftext" : "I just finished a self imposed IOP \(intensive out patient\) 16 week program.

During the 16 weeks we had pee test 3 times a week, so I had that for my accountability.

Today was the last day for me.  I am back in the real world. I can say already I am scared a bit and my wife is worried to say the least. My relationship with my wife has gotten so much better over these 16 weeks.  I feel confident that I wont turn to the bottle with all the coping skills I got from rehab. 

As a reward I am heading to get a massage.  I look forward to a sober life.."
}
{ "author" : "mavric91",
"date" : "05/23/2018, 19:20:48",
"selftext" : "Some of you may have seen John Oliver’s report on rehab that just came out. If not I suggest you give it a watch. Regardless, it made me rethink my journey to recovery, which I believe was a little different than what I normally see on this sub or read about online. I’m hopping it may help some who have yet to find success with other methods, or maybe give those seeking to help their loved ones a different viewpoint. And please, I welcome comments, questions and discussion about this. Addiction is a hell of a problem to overcome, and we must all work together to beat it. So with out further ado:

A little of my background:  

I started originally by doing pills with friends. Eventually this led to injecting dilauded and eventually a gram+ a day IV heroin habit. This all went on for about four years. I have now been clean for nearly 5 years, have gone back to school, and will be transferring to one of my states top universities in the fall. 

My Recovery: 

When I first decided to get clean I came clean to my parents and loved ones. I was lucky to have their support. I tried to enroll at a methadone clinic.  I showed up with all my paperwork after talking to them over the phone. I was late by 20 minutes. 20 fucking minutes.  They wouldn’t let me enroll. My next opportunity to enroll wouldn’t be till the next week. Do you think I went back? No. I didn’t. (Let’s face it. Addicts give up easily. We always pick the way of least resistance. And when we face the slightest obstacle we turn around and go back to what we know as comfort-drugs.  If your an addict, you have to learn to not give up. There are gonna be times when it sucks hard and you have to push through. If you’re a health care provider or loved one: please, do everything you can to make it easy on us. You don’t have to baby us. In fact we need to learn to handle shit on our own. But don’t drag us down with red tape or hurdles. Most of us are at the end of our rope. We don’t know what to do, we don’t know how to move forward. It is truly amazing what a little helping hand can do.)

So after this obstacle, I fucked around for a while more. Finally I found a licensed addiction psychologist. With him I started a plan to get clean with the help of subs. It went ok. For a while I lied to him. I would switch back to the subs just before my appointment with him. Or would use them when I couldn’t find/afford the real thing. In this time I did the flip flop between being high and clean that many addicts know to well. And it sucks. It is exhausting. And personally I think it did not damage to my well being than just being high all the time. So, please learn from my or even your own mistakes. If your clean, you can’t just “do one” and it will be all good. You can’t. Just don’t. No matter how bad it gets I promise going through withdraws again will be worse. Eventually I had enough though. I was able to ween myself down with the subs over about 4 months. Finally. Opiate free. 

But that was the easy part. The first year totally clean was brutal. When I first tried to go back to school I failed miserably. I was ill prepared to be a student. I had no time management. No self discipline. And I felt out of place all the time. The worst was just lacking confidence in myself. I didn’t think I could do it so I didn’t. The first time I tried dating a “normal” girl... total fail. Seriously that first year I got beat down over and over again. I wanted to turn back to drugs so many times. But slowly I found my footing. I remembered what I was like in high school. I was charming. I had friends. People trusted and depended on me. And I worked my self back to that. I found hobbies. I made friends. I laid out goals and worked toward them. And it felt amazing. Better than any high I’ve ever had. And  I know. This is the hard part. And I wish I could figure out how to tell everyone here to do it. But I can’t. It’s something you have to discover for yourself. Or with the help of friends and family. Everyone is unique. All I can say is when you get there you will know. You will feel like you’ve just climbed Everest. And you’ll look out and see the view all around you and realize it was worth it. Ever bit of pain and sweat and tears you will go through is worth it. 


Some final thoughts:

Something I’ve learned in trying to help myself and others: you can’t help people that don’t want to be helped. It is a sad truth. This takes commitment on the part of the addicts. Some people will say they have to reach rock bottom (and that everyone has their own bottom) before they commit. But I don’t think that’s true. We don’t have to see how low we’ve become to change.  We only have to see how high we can reach (no pun intended).

I am I big believer that LICENSED medical experts are the best bet for addicts. Whether that is out patient, in patient, or in a dedicated rehab “resort” there needs to be real doctors who know what the fuck they are doing. Granted my experience with it was so so because the doctor made it so easy for me to lie to him. But I think it’s the way to go. Also a liscensed therapist to talk to about all the other problems addicts inevitably have isn’t a bad idea. 

Lastly, and this may be a bit controversial, but I do not agree with a lot of the ideas that some of the more common programs put forth. If they are working for you then stick with it. But if they aren’t, try something else. Namely, I don’t believe in being labeled an addict for life.  I see it all the time: “I made it 2 weeks this time”  or “6 months clean this Friday”. I don’t know the date of the last time I used h or subs. And I don’t want to. I don’t want to wake up everyday counting the days I’ve been clean. To me it is just holding onto the past too much when you should be looking toward the future. Or even just living in the present moment. I don’t believe I have a disease for life. I don’t label myself an addict. I am so much more. A student, son, friend, dreamer, doer, hiker, lover. Whatever. Just not an addict. I worked hard to not be one. And I’m proud of it. 

And this got a little rambley. I might edit it later. But for now I just want to get it all down. I want others to know what they are capable of. To know this feeling. And to see that they have a place on this earth that includes a happy life full of love and joy. Big hug to all of y’all. 
"
}
{ "author" : "Sekret_One",
"date" : "05/23/2018, 20:23:43",
"selftext" : "**The moral of the story is if you are Escaping, you'll make it worse**

The crap thing about depression, is it makes you unable to think about anything other than depression.

32 Male. Smart, and chill. Very poor growing up. Got into college on full scholarships. Everything is awesome, and it skyrockets when I meet the love of my life Sophomore year.

But I had a problem. The best I can describe it- my brain had this weird way of compartmentalizing things as I moved from place to place- time to time. Super attentive and concerned, until I ... just stopped? Just sort of taking her for granted. Stress was building up, and I used video games to cope with my stress and anxiety. One close night she hugs me and tells me she doesn't think she loves me any more.

Shattered.

We don't break up, and I spend the next year trying to understand what's going on- but I'm so oblivious I can't see what I've done. Anxiety takes over. Can't be comfortable with her. Turns to paranoia. I literally run away from her sometimes when I'm sitting with her. She's confused- I'm confused trying to explain 'I felt you wanted me to go'. Finally, she writes me a letter telling me about how I was being uncaring earlier, and some details about assholes in her past that took advantage of her. My mind was trying to make me into a monster, so it just said 'aha, you're just like them!'

Shattered.

In horror and tears I send back her stuff. Cut contact. Figure it's better to love her and not hurt her. Never stop loving her.

Have a couple more relationships after that. Anxiety cripples them, and nostalgia. I feel like I'm cheating the entire time. Depression from the relationships and stress from not knowing what to do next after college (I had no money and no car) and too locked in my head to work with the college to come up with a plan.

Go home. Collapse. Wallow for months. Reject offer to come back and teach at the college. Take too long responding to companies reaching out (how would I drive to them anyway?). Video games. Enabling friends. Block out all the people from college in shame. Block out the memories.

Repression.

Vow I'll find the girl again when I get my life straightened. Until then, no romance as I clearly can't handle it. Struggle with half cocked ideas for 5 years. Still trying to do everything alone. Finally, get some help from a friend. Get a crap job- but this one leads to a better one, and a better one. 

In 5 years have a 6 figure salary. Nice car. Huge apartment. Get asked where I'm going next. Realize I *still can't plan a dream* . . . have been focused on moving away- not too anything.

Remember the letter. Nauseated, write and send. Totally absorbed with shame- explain everything but don't expect her to forgive me, or even care. But she does-

Shattered

My mind can't understand . . . *she hates me* has been echoing in my skull for a decade. The one person I cared about more than anything- and I start putting it together. At this point, I thought the romance had caused the depression, that I had beat it 10 years ago when I finally stopped playing video games until my eyes wept and started to move again. But no . . . it was all just dark fog and despair. She never hated me . . . she didn't tell me those awful things to hurt me . . . she did it because she trusted me. And to make matters worse, I hadn't ever dealt with the depression- I had cut off parts of my humanity to keep it from triggering- kept myself isolated and unsocial.

I was like a person crushed by a boulder. Half of me was numb, crushed. I pushed the boulder out of the way, and all the gore poured out. Over a jarring 2 week period I went from a recluse to being terrified of being alone. I instantly became sexually frustrated. All the memories of college suddenly snapped in place, good, bad and embarrassing. I can't bear to look at video games. The job I have- lucrative but uninspired produced panic attacks.

Everything is wrong. My mind churns reprocessing all the events that have transpired over these years. I get caught in nightmarish rumination cycles. I can't stop talking, or crying.

Shattered

It's been months. I have no purpose . . . my purpose was becoming financially stable, and sending that letter. What a waste of a life."
}
{ "author" : "Lucidskyy",
"date" : "05/23/2018, 21:05:16",
"selftext" : "Hey there.
First time posting that I can recall. 

Proud 32yr old father of a 2yr old girl. Wife is the babysitter and primary caretaker. 
Been drinking heavily for about three years, steadily heavier each week. 
Used to be at night to help me sleep, then because it helped ease the depression, and then it crept slowly earlier and earlier into the day in heavier amounts.... Until now I can't go without a drink for a few hours without feeling the overwhelming nausea and anxiety. Like most of us i thought i was in control.. Until I wasn't.

I have been seeing an addictions councillor and going to group therapy for about 8 months, and a psychiatrist for years ( relating to ongoing depression and anxiety from my teenage years).

But now I've hit a wall. I have agreed with my wife and doctors to seek detox/rehab treatment but the intake process is much longer and more rigorous than I'd thought. 
I have the next week off but there's no chance ill even make a waiting list by then let alone begin the 21 day program. 

My question is this: is there anything I can do at home during this week off to make the following weeks prior to rehab more tolerable? As it stands now I'm drinking almost 750ml of hard liquor in a 24 hour period just to keep the nausea and anxiety at bay.. but I still have no appetite or energy.. Throwing up daily. It's tough to concentrate.. and the sweating and shaking my God.. I know I've done a number on my body and marriage and this has to stop..

But I still need to get by until rehabilitation while maintaining my work schedule if possible.. I'm terrified and ashamed.. 

I've read about at-home detox and that it is typically very rough. Vitamin water. Electrolytes. Foods that are lite but only when you have an appetite. I'm not looking to outright quit during this week unless it's feasible? But I have my doubts.. this hole is deep.

Reaching out for any advice I can get. 
Please. 

Thanks a million. "
}
{ "author" : "Iminarealpickle",
"date" : "05/23/2018, 21:29:45",
"selftext" : "My husband and I are in Italy for two weeks. Traveling from Rome, to Florence, and then finally Venice. I’ve been looking forward to this trip for months. I wanted to try going without flower for at least 2 weeks before we left, as my withdrawal (especially on travel) is hellish. Well that didn’t end up happening and I even smoked a bowl at 5am the morning we were headed to the airport.

I was fine on the flights here, very jet lagged but that was to be expected. The first day, I could barely eat, everything I ate came right back up, including water. I’ve gotten this sick from withdrawal before on work travel and it ended me up in the hospital getting pumped full of fluids and Phenergan. I was determined to not make it into an Italian ER where I didn’t even know the language... 

I spent the first two days tossing and turning in the hotel room while my husband was all alone on the streets of Rome. I feel horrible, ashamed, and pathetic. I have several nausea prescriptions for this very reason, all make me into a zombie and unable to function. I’ve finally gone a full day without the nausea meds and just tried to push through. Ate a little, kept my fluids up.

I’m deciding here and now...THIS IS IT. I’m done with pot for good. Nothing is worth feeling this way. I’ve smoked nearly everyday for the last 15 years and I can’t keep living my life like this. I get to points where I can’t even eat without weed. It’s sad.

So, I decided to text my Mom (no cell service, also she’s a doc) and she has seen me in this state before but never truly knew why (or she did but never admitted it). I told her I have a serious addition to marijuana and I need professional help when I get home. She is very supportive. Needless to say, I’m hoping to be okay for the rest of this trip and get into an outpatient rehab program when I get home.

TLDR; I on vacation in Italy with my husband and I’m going through very bad withdrawal. I’ve decided to go into outpatient rehab when I get home. This is it for me and weed. 
 
UPDATE: day 5 of not smoking and the withdrawal continues...I have been able to keep food down for two days now, but still am not psychological hungry.  Drinking lots of water and taking a lot of deep breathes. The nausea seems to have subsided a lot as well too. "
}
{ "author" : "MsKrissyK2",
"date" : "05/23/2018, 21:41:49",
"selftext" : "So I’ve been on and off sober for the last couple years. Been to rehab and did the meetings (not the first time) but I’m still having a problem with  NOT drinking.  

Meetings are just not for me... I have tried several times... I enjoy the story that the speaker has to tell but it is such a hassle to get to these meetings. Taking a 2.5 hr bus to get to a 1 hr meeting with another 2.5 hr bus for the return is just not appealing to me.

I have tried using this sub as a go to in the mean time but still find it hard to keep myself sober from day to day. 

I finally decided at the age of 32 what I want to do as a career... I want to be a chef! I recently started working at a pasta place where I make fresh pasta and to top it all off, I’m also enrolled in a culinary course in the fall!! 

I’ve never been so excited for anything in my life. But as this is all happening, I cannot stop drinking. I am sooo scared to mess everything up like I have in the past.  I REALLY don’t want to F* this up!! I finally have something to look forward to but at the same time I’m so scared to mess everything up... and if that happens, I don’t know what I’ll do...

I have to make a change to my sober days....  not accurate"
}
{ "author" : "no-more-drink",
"date" : "05/24/2018, 01:36:46",
"selftext" : "I checked myself into a facility to get help with my mental health and chronic alcohol abuse today. I've never been to any type of therapy or rehabilitation. I never had the guts to go to an AA meeting. Never had the guts to answer honestly on the questionnaire at the doctor. Yup, I have about 3-4 drinks per week, that's right Doc. When in reality, it was easily 70+ before having kids, and slowly creeping back up there the past few years, ever since my youngest child turned 1. 

I feel fucking terrible and ashamed about all of it. This phone call was the most difficult and long overdue thing I have ever done. I have had this number typed into my phone countless times, and never pushed send. I always figured I could do this myself, eventually. I have been struggling to keep my head above water for half of my life. Probably more. Enough is enough. I am 30 years old. I have two beautiful young children who don't deserve a majorly depressed, blackout daily drunk for a mother. I can't live like this anymore. My body aches and my mental clarity is so low, I don't even know who I am. This sub has helped me immensely, I cannot thank you all enough for your total honesty and support during the the years I was lurking and during the periods where I was actively posting.

I am in a very lonely, isolated situation right now and have been for some time. No family, or friends that I can reach out to for guidance, support, help.. anything. Yeah. It's a self inflicted wound for sure. Although, I would like to think maybe 3 parts self inflicted, 1 part bad luck, maybe? Thats probably pushing it though.

Alcoholics are like sitting ducks for toxic people. Evidently, I love to surround myself with those toxic types because it's all I know. I'm coming to terms with being a toxic piece of shit myself. Anyways, that turned into a life story quickly. Yikes! I am just so relieved to have finally done this and am hoping that I can get some of these issues sorted in the near future. I hope for you too. Just needed to send this one out there to the universe. I will not be drinking with you tonight. Take care.



"
}
{ "author" : "hentenfen",
"date" : "05/24/2018, 02:06:57",
"selftext" : "
I am currently in the hiring process with New Orleans police department and I am currently in the vocational rehabilitation program with the VA. The VA is willing to pay for me schooling, for the next 4 years to become a speech pathologist. Being a cop has always been a lifelong thing for me but I also never imagined I’d be able to obtain a degree and it’s also a huge desire as well. I’m conflicted whether I should accept the position with Nopd or if I should continue schooling. 

Thank you for any help you all may have. "
}
{ "author" : "Toodlum",
"date" : "05/24/2018, 05:07:28",
"selftext" : "Hi everyone,

My mom's been an alcoholic much longer than I've been alive, probably close to 40 years. She lost her job 6 months ago and the drinking has gotten worse now that she has nothing to do during the day. Worse is that her epilepsy, which is normally under control, is active and she's having seizures and hurting herself all the time.

She got sick last week and stopped eating and refused to get medical care because she doesn't have insurance. Finally I took her to her neurologist and he ordered that we go to the ER right away and that she stops drinking immediately. She's been in for two days with pneumonia and gallbladder issues. They're giving her meds for the detox right now.

I had a long talk with her about drinking and how it's going to kill her if she doesn't stop. I feel like this is the last stop for her, and thankfully she's getting dry for a few days in a hospital, but I want her to stay dry when she gets out. I would like her to go to rehab but she has no insurance and no money and I can't pay for it. I'm just feeling at a loss right now trying to figure out what to do while also living my own life. I'm not at a point where I can take care of her or even take her in with me. Sorry for the long post but I had to get this out."
}
{ "author" : "justneedhelpls",
"date" : "05/24/2018, 06:53:02",
"selftext" : "I haven’t been in therapy for almost 2 years now, I never found it beneficial but last night my anxiety got so high I felt my body being taken over basically and I cut myself. I’ve reached out to 2 therapists hopefully one of them will get me in tomorrow even though it’s a long shot. I just can’t sleep but I’m so exhausted my thoughts just won’t stop. I’m so scared to go back into therapy, I don’t remember what to do at all. How do I start? Do I like tell them my life story or just start with what’s happening right now? Please help I’m so so scared and my anxiety is skyrocketing about this. "
}
{ "author" : "chieftain88",
"date" : "05/24/2018, 11:24:54",
"selftext" : "Hi all - not sure whether this needs emphasising or not but just thought I would share my experience over the last year or so...

I had a pretty bad pill addiction, didn’t make it to heroin fortunately but almost did. Did about 6 days cold turkey in rehab (pretty brutal but I’m sure many here have been through much worse) and was then put on suboxone (stupid decision by psychiatrists but whatever). Weaned down over a month then jumped off without too much pain. I then discovered I had developed a benzo addiction due to taking Xanax daily for about 2 months so had to get through that which is HELL (had a full blown epileptic seizure) for those who haven’t been through it before.

Anyway eventually got back to work and things were going fine before finding out my wife was cheating on me with multiple other people. So I starting chipping with over the counter codeine (you can buy codeine over the counter without a prescription here in the U.K., mixed with acetaminophen/paracetamol or ibuprofen) to deal with the stress. My tolerance was low by then so I didn’t need to take much and was only using about once a week. Anyway I got scared that I was going to get addicted again so went to a new psychiatrist and was put on diazepam which I slowly weaned down over a couple months but still got withdrawal from it and, surprise surprise, opiates take away all WD symptoms so I started chipping again. Anyway, that complete lack of worry you get when taking opiates kicked in and I took more and more until I was addicted again, although not severely. I went cold turkey and am on day 6 now, however I used A LOT of left over diazepam, clonidine and some gabapentin so it was relatively pain free. 

However, my benzo WD will probably now restart, I’m in the middle of a very messy and stressful divorce and in danger of losing my extremely good, very high paying job. 

Not 100% sure why I posted this, maybe I need support, but mostly as another warning, DO NOT CHIP as it will eventually backfire.

Thanks for reading "
}
{ "author" : "Pasilanmies",
"date" : "05/24/2018, 14:05:30",
"selftext" : "Within the last 5 days I've surprised myself by quitting weed effortlessly. It's almost like a switch was turned or something. But how can that be done? Bear with me:

5 days ago I Ieft the city where I study to work for a month in my hometown. I'm working 8 hour shifts in an old-fashioned factory and I'm living with my dad. I have no access to weed here, but I have been so busy that I hadn't even thought about it that much. 

I guess this is why rehab works: if you move to an environment that lacks the usual triggers, you will not be tempted. I tried to quit twice before to no avail, so it is even more surprising how easy it has been this time. Mind you, I was smoking at least 1 to 3 joints a day and more on weekends.

The best thing is, I still have an amount of hash back home and I have no urges to smoke it at all, so I'm considering throwing it away or giving to a friend when I get back. Granted not everyone can just take a pause from their ordinary lives, but it made my quitting much easier.

I cannot overstate the difference I'm feeling this time, compared to the last one: the worst that I've had has been some slight headaches that might have had other causes too. No mood swing that were absolutely destroying me on previous attempts, no temptations to get weed no matter the price. It's as if I transformed to my pre-stroner self overnight. 

Writing this post is the first time I'm reflecting on my quitting and I'm pretty sure I can keep it up. Best of luck to all others too!"
}
{ "author" : "BigBob-omb91",
"date" : "05/24/2018, 20:35:19",
"selftext" : "I stumbled across [this](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/avyavb/this-neuroscientist-argues-that-addiction-is-not-a-disease-and-the-rehab-industry-is-bullshit) article which makes a lot more sense to me as an addict than the disease model or the 12 step concept. Hopefully you find it as interesting/useful as I did."
}
{ "author" : "CAthrowaway2687",
"date" : "05/24/2018, 22:17:57",
"selftext" : "Hey guys, I've been drinking heavily for about 4 years now, with it getting progressively worse over time. Currently I drink 1-2 Steelies/Nattys during the day and another 12-18 beers a night, or 750ml+ of vodka. I'm 140 lb so it's pretty hard on my body.

I lost my job (actually not due to my drinking, surprisingly but that's a whole 'nother issue that pisses me off) and since then have been living with family. My grandparents need full time care so I've been supporting my habit by doing housework, cooking, yard work etc in exchange for cash. I feel like I can't rejoin the real workforce due to my drinking issues.

I've had a chemical dependency evaluation in the past because I wanted to see a therapist/psychologist since I believe I have some long time undiagnosed mental illness, but obviously they wouldn't admit me to a program unless I went through a rehab program first. 

My consular was a total bitch and seemed entirely disinterested in me and/or her job. That turned me off from the program and I continued with my crippling alcoholism.

Finally, this week I decided enough was enough. I'm sick of living like this and went back for another evaluation. This time the consular was a wonderful woman who seems to genuinely want to help me. I've been put on an "urgent" list and will have a bed within two weeks to detox. Until then I am trying to maintain to avoid withdrawals but not get drunk every night. I'm done with this period of my life and ready to move on."
}
{ "author" : "Sizedawg0311",
"date" : "05/24/2018, 23:50:09",
"selftext" : "Just found this subreddit. I'm 25, I've been drinking heavily for the last 7 years. I started off drinkin heavily enough in the military I was sent to rehab to detox. I slowed down for a bit and continued to drink. Fast forward over three years, my wife and I almost split up and I went right back to binge drinking heavily, we got back, I cleaned up for a month or so, then I started drinking again heavily, about a momth or two ago i made it 20 days sober,  we've decided to finally get divorced and I went on a week long bender. Now I'm sitting here on my first day sober with heavy anxiety on the border of a panic attack. But I feel like if I don't get it this time I'm gonna get dragged out for a long time. "
}
{ "author" : "jdmgf5",
"date" : "05/25/2018, 00:47:43",
"selftext" : "I need a place to rant. I've had my eye on this sub for a while and have flirted off and on with stopping drinking. I just received my first DWI for going forty over in a construction zone and I think I can safely admit that I have a serious problem. While I think a lot of my issues come from my depression and coping mechanisms, I can't help but notice that the common denominator has always been drinking and drugs. 

I have a son and a girlfriend who just took me back. The second day after she takes me back I get a DWI. One of the promises I gave was I would be more stable. She already doesn't trust me again. She's broken up with me and tried to move on and I don't let her. I do love her, and I know she knows that, but I feel like a burden. I know she loves me too, but she's tired of disappointment. I have an insane jealousy problem. Its pathetic and sad and I usually am good at hiding it but not anymore. I've caused her a lot of pain over the years. I am awful at relationships and friendships. They always fall apart, usually because of my apathy or self-centeredness. I have a son with her, and she mostly lives at his house. I see him often, but I am not the father I would like to be. My father was an alcoholic as well. He was a good person but it got the better of him along with bipolar disorder. Now he's in Seattle living off of some girl, always telling me how he's going to "Get a job soon." He's had electroshock therapy for his depression and just never came out the same. 

I mostly grew up with my mom and she always was a tough love person. I hated her rules and judgemental view of people, although I love her perhaps more than anybody in the world. I think she may be the root of my social anxiety, which I think is a big foundation of my drinking. I've been to rehab, been to AA, and just have no idea what to do next. I've worn out my welcome with my roomates because I can't keep a job. I'm a fucking mess. I don't know what to do."
}
{ "author" : "castlerockyourworld",
"date" : "05/25/2018, 03:48:25",
"selftext" : "My best friend is addicted to drugs. My best friend is a junkie. My best friend is a goddamn brilliant genius who dropped out of high school right before his senior year with a 4.0 GPA. He’s not even twenty years old yet. He’s suicidal. His family is putting him in a fancy rehab center. He hates everyone right now except his dealers. He thinks we’re judgmental and he thinks we’re overreacting but the kid was doing meth for Christ sakes. How can I let him know I’m here for him? How can I make him feel a little less alone? He’s my best friend and I feel like I should know, but he hasn’t been himself. "
}
{ "author" : "sms94dtd",
"date" : "05/25/2018, 05:17:13",
"selftext" : "Just before the new year I made the decision that I needed immediate change and volunteered myself into an inpatient rehab facility for a month for my alcoholism and adderall addiction.  I was fine for five months up until the beginning of the month.  Unfortunately, my demons got the best of me and I relapsed a few weeks ago.  At this point I almost feel like trying to quit at a young age has made it worse for me.  Before I made the decision to quit I was social and never hid my drinking.  Now I feel like it's punched me in the jaw and is laughing.  I don't know how I can get back on track and try to live the sober life I need to in order to be successful and have any resemblance of a normal early/mid 20's college student.  This isolation is killing me"
}
{ "author" : "anonymousjpchick",
"date" : "05/25/2018, 12:17:23",
"selftext" : "Reading someone’s post just triggered this memory and I wanted to get it off my chest.

It was nearly a year ago.
I was taking this medicine called cyanamide (Temposil?) which is very similar to Antabuse, every day.
For some idiotic reason I had decided to test my limits. I couldn’t have had more than 1/4 of a small can, and it felt so awful I thought I was dying. 

First my whole body felt warm, like it was burning. My eyes began to see blurry. I could feel my heart beating so hard I thought it would explode, or just jump right out of my chest, whichever would happen first (the mental anguish and anxiety that accompanied this partially thought I was going to have a heart attack). The nausea teased me for long that I almost welcomed the projectile vomiting when it happened, but then I continued to dry heave. Every part of my body was trying to either contract or shake or do *something* and I couldn’t understand it, my chest was in anguish, and the dizziness and nausea and feeling of doom with my crazy pulse had me convinced I’m going to die. 

I thought I could wait it out, but it didn’t seem to be getting better. Then I tried to call a taxi to go to the hospital and I realised my body was so disoriented I would not be able to do it on my own. I felt an incredibly sense of urgency for needing help, perhaps it was the mental doom and gloom or perhaps it was that I felt like I was gasping for air to breathe.

I called an ambulance. I tried to explain honestly what happened - I think they were confused and had to look it up. When they came I was barely able to open the door for them before collapsing.

It was a very scary experience. My electrolytes were apparently all out of whack. It took me a long time to stabilise and feel normal again (with IV fluids). They didn’t let me go nearly 20 hours. 

I dunno, I probably would not have been in danger staying home, but damn I would not recommend.

Currently in rehab and drinking cyanamide, and have plenty of tools to avoid alcohol in the future but should they ever fail, this memory is the backup of all backup tools that serves as a never-again reminder. "
}
{ "author" : "chucklesworth2127",
"date" : "05/25/2018, 19:10:47",
"selftext" : "It's been 3 years. 3 years since I finally got the courage to leave my ex boyfriend. He physically and emotionally abused me. Would break my things like laptop and phone and blame me because " I made him mad so its my fault". As well as I feel sexually In a way. There were times I didn't want to have sex or I felt uncomfortable after starting and asked him to stop fucking me but he would hold me down and raise his voice which scared me so I just took it. The worst time (one instance of 100s) he strangled me, held me down, and beat me. I passed out and I honestly think I was close to death. I suffer from major anxiety, panic, insomnia, and night terrors to this day. I turned to heroin to cope. I've been in and out of rehab since. Going back in on Monday. But I'm just wondering if anyone has any advice or if anyone can relate? I feel alone in this because I'm a gay man and you really don't hear about this happening to men. This is all jumbled I'm sorry but I'm just looking to talk about it with some strangers who understand. Thanks."
}
{ "author" : "WhyyyyWait",
"date" : "05/25/2018, 19:12:11",
"selftext" : "I'm 23 years old and I can't stand being sober. I have pretty bad social anxiety and spend most of my time alone. So, when I'm not either high or drunk, I'm bored and restless, yet too nervous to actually do anything that may lead to embarrassment or failure. 

About 5 years ago, after catastrophically failing at life, I started smoking pot. Things were shitty, and I felt shitty, and it was an escape. This became an everyday thing very quickly. Whenever I move or lose contact with my dealer, I switch to 'functional alcoholism mode' until I find a new one.

I honestly can't imagine life without substance abuse anymore. I can't remember the last time I was sober for over 24 hours. I remember being pretty depressed and extremely self destructive before I started self medicating. I'm afraid that I'll go back to that person when I stop. 

I cant tell my therapist just how bad it is either. I'm too scared that she'll get mad that I've been hiding it. Last time I was serious about my problem, the doctor suggested rehab. 

I can't do that. I just cant. I would feel so, so, so bad about myself. I would feel guilty for taking away from addicts with a more serious problem. I would feel pathetic for not just stopping. I'm not a raging alcoholic or a hard drug addict. I'm not a danger to myself or others. I'm just a pathetic wimp who can't stand my own thoughts or emotions. (Note: please excuse my harshness. I dont actually think pot addiction in itself is pathetic. I think I'm pathetic and this makes me more pathetic)

 People would laugh at me. Not to my face, but I know that they would.

 I don't want to do this anymore. I'm sick of being broke and caring more about pot then myself. But without it... I don't know what'll happen. I dont know how I'll feel (other then bad). 

I'm telling myself I'll just wait for my meds to kick in (going on two weeks on antidepressants). But what if they never kick in because of all the smoking? 

I'm just really scared.

Edit: thank you all so much. This is a really nice community and I'm glad I joined. The first night is almost over. I have gotten no sleep, but it should be easier tomorrow. Hopefully."
}
{ "author" : "maxthebassplayer",
"date" : "05/25/2018, 20:44:30",
"selftext" : "A little background, my parents are classic codependent alcoholics.  They both think they're fine and they're only having a few glasses of wine, but it's more like a bottle or two each every day.  Then when I was in high school, they would have a few beers and a night cap of either brandy or whiskey.  All in all, I'm guessing they put down about 15-20 drinks each every day.  When I was drinking, I would do that on the weekends and think it was just normal behavior.  Their drinking patterns turned into my drinking patterns and pretty soon I had a problem too.  I stopped drinking about 4 years ago, started again and then quit for good 403 days ago according to my flair.  It's been great.  I finished college after a decade away from school, got engaged to a wonderful woman, generally got my life together.  Every few months, I'd get a call from my dad and he'd tell me mom was in detox again.  My mom would call me drunk and rambling about her neighbors or something and not make a bit of sense.  Finally, after they blew off my college graduation and my engagement, I'd had enough of those toxic people.  I wrote them a letter thanking them for the good times and telling them that I wouldn't have anything to do with them until they got help with their drinking.  Counseling, rehab, cold-turkey, I don't care what, but they have to be sober.  My mom sent me a card today and made it clear that she no longer considers me her son, and that's fine.  They are a constant reminder why I don't drink, why I keep tackling my problems head on rather than trying to drink until they go away.  Sobriety is hard sometimes, but not close to as hard as living a life depending on alcohol and hiding in a bottle.  Thank you for reading my rant.  I love you all, this community helps me so much."
}
{ "author" : "OG-methisto",
"date" : "05/25/2018, 20:48:49",
"selftext" : "I turn 21 tomorrow, live with my mom. Keep losing jobs and through it all still find myself with a bottle in my hand at the end of the day.
I went to rehab and even there I still managed to smuggle bottles/adderrall in. I'm super worried for when I'm legally able to buy liquor. 
Recently caught my gf cheating and I've been going hard ever since. I hate my life and want to die.

That's all folks."
}
{ "author" : "mmammooth",
"date" : "05/25/2018, 23:09:07",
"selftext" : "Hi there. Long time lurker, first time poster. Looking for some support and adobe. My dad was finally caught at work with a BAC of .05. Being a security guard, this is a BIG no no. They took his badge and escorted him home. He’s on administrative leave until his meeting with his work’s psychiatrist and higher ups. I’m assuming they’ll force him into detox and rehab. He’s under the impression that he’ll only spend 2-3 months in AA. I informed him that that’s not how it works. He also thinks he (a heavy drinking alcoholic of 35 years) can detox at home. I told him it doesn’t work like that either. I’m worried that he’s just going to blow through rehab and required AA meetings and then go right back to drinking. "
}
{ "author" : "Hueyandthenews",
"date" : "05/26/2018, 07:45:13",
"selftext" : "I’ve been an addict for the last 12 years of my life. I started with lortabs and kept that going for 5-6 years and then graduated to roxies. During those 12 years I got on and off suboxone a few times. I never used it to actually get clean, it was mainly used to avoid going through withdrawals when I couldn’t score or I sold them to afford getting high. 

This is my story. I’m sorry it’s so long (never had a chance to use that phrase before), but y’all are really the first people I’ve told the actual story to outside of my immediate family. 

I lost my father when I was in my early 20’s unexpectedly and it really messed my family up. I had messed around with tabs before he passed, mainly for back problems and sometimes to get high, but after that happened I became a full blown addict. To make matters worse my brother was also addicted, he was the one that introduced me to them in the first place, and getting drugs/getting high became a way that the two of us bonded. He’s 7 years older than me so we never really connected before all this happened. We were able to afford getting high every day because my father had a substantial life insurance policy that should have set my mother up for life, instead it set my brother and I  up to manipulate our mother into giving us as much money as possible any chance we could get. Many people have said that my mother was an enabler, and by definition she was, but she was doing everything she could to hang on and we took advantage of it to the fullest. After this went on for many years, my brother was able to find a job out of state that paid great money and ended up saving his marriage and his family because he was finally able to get clean. I, on the other hand, stayed in our home town and continued on in my habit. A large part of me felt like he left me holding the bag, but now that I am married I understand that he did what he had to do to save his family.
During this time I was a fully functioning addict, I had everyone fooled. My then girlfriend, now wife, knew that I had issues with addiction in the past but never knew that I was still currently using daily. After dating for 5 years, I popped the question, and we got married. Everything went as smoothly as possible until we joined bank accounts and then everything began to hit the fan. Lies on top of lies on top of lies. I had so many different stories going on that it was extremely hard for even me to keep up with, not to mention all the shit I was telling my mother to get money when I had drained every cent out of mine and my wife’s account or overdrawn it to the point where the bank wouldn’t let me get any more money out. After about 7 months of what I was telling myself was wedded bliss, I came clean to my wife that I had fallen off the wagon in the last few months and needed help getting clean. She agreed to help me out, she’s an angel, under the condition that if it happened again I would go to rehab or we were done. Well, if you can’t tell by now, I’m a fucking idiot and didn’t get clean. It took a few weeks but she figured it out. I honestly have no idea why I didn’t stop then, I always thought that at some point I would want to quit and do it then. After questioning why I had withdrawn money from the ATM, she drug tested me, I refused to take it and she told me that I had a week to inform my work that I needed to take 3 weeks off to go to rehab. It was also around this time that she began to realize that not only was I still screwing around, but also that I had never been clean during our entire relationship which made her even more adamant that rehab had to happen.
I haven’t mentioned it yet, but right after we got married, I found my dream job and was hired. Now even though I finally had a job that I actually enjoyed doing, the drugs kept me down. I was either leaving during the middle of the day to go score or calling in sick when I couldn’t find anything. I was on very thin ice with them and I knew that if I needed to take 3 weeks off they would let me go.
I pleaded with my wife to let me take suboxone and that this time would be different. She had absolutely no reason to believe me and I was kicked out of the house because I refused rehab. Her parents are both in the medical field and fully supported the idea of rehab and told her that suboxone would not work. They also began trying to find a divorce lawyer and pretty much told her that I was a lost cause. I don’t blame them for this, it’s their daughter and they want only the best for her and I obviously was not providing that.
I used all of this as motivation to become sober. I moved to my mother’s home and started actually taking my subs as prescribed. The first week was hard, really hard. I think people who have never been there view suboxone as a miracle drug that takes away all your withdrawals the moment you take it. It was definitely that way with my wife and in laws and I think they viewed it as a cop out, they wanted me to suffer. Instead, I kept my head down, took my medicine and after that first week things started looking up. I always knew that being an addict affected my work, but I never understood how much until my head started clearing up and I wasn’t preoccupied at all times with figuring out how I was going to get high that day. I’m now doing amazing at work and it’s looking like I have a promotion in the near future. I moved back home after 3 weeks, much to the chagrin of my in laws, but the time apart was making things much worse for us. I think she was torn between what her parents were saying and what she was seeing from me. It’s been 6 weeks today since I used and I can’t believe it but I don’t miss it. It’s so nice having money in our account and not having everyone be disappointed in you at all times. 
I passed my first big hurdle this week after injuring my back at work. The pain was some of the worst that I have ever felt and I’ve had a lot of experience with pain. Amazingly enough though, I haven’t had the urge to go score to cure it. I’ve been taking Advil pretty religiously, even though it hasn’t really been helping. That pain was a huge obstacle that I thought I wouldn’t be able to get past, but I am proud to say that I never even reached for my phone to try to make something happen. 
After all the years of being an addict I thought that I would never be able to get clean in my hometown, but I never wanted to move. I also thought that there would never be a day where I wouldn’t miss getting high. I fooled myself in to believing that everyone else is crazy. Who the fuck wants to be sober every day when there are so many better options??? It’s a strange territory for me after spending a 3rd of my life in a drugged out haze. There are still those days where I will have mood swings and fly off the handle, but I know they will get better with time.  It feels so amazing to finally feel like I do indeed have my life in front of me and it’s all mine for the taking. I hope that I can finally close the book on this chapter of my life and begin to live the way my parents always imagined I would and provide for my family. 

I’m sorry for the long post. I really thought I would be able to keep it short, but this is really the first time I’ve been able to let it all out since beginning my journey to sobriety. I know it has only been 6 weeks, but I honestly can’t tell you the last time I went this long. It feels great to not be beholden to something that never did anything for me!! Thank you for reading my story and I wish all of you the best of luck in your journey to sobriety!!

TL/DR; drugs are bad, mmmkay. Get sober, it’s worth it!!"
}
{ "author" : "Throwawaytovent1234",
"date" : "05/26/2018, 09:54:57",
"selftext" : "I grew up in an abusive household. My parents were split, and I lived with my mum. My dad was, and still is, great. He can be a bit cutting with his words, but he's a good person deep down.

My mother, well... When I was young, I had a step father. He was a real fucking prick. He never hit me, but he threatened to. He yelled at me, belittled me, made fun of my weight and everything else about me. 

He did the same to my mother. But he actually hit her, too. They were both alcoholics, but when you grow up in that environment you don't... you don't really understand that. I just knew that my mother would be different a lot of the time, but that was when my stepdad was around her so I thought it was that.

Eventually, he left. He cheated on my mother with another woman who threatened to have her gang-member brothers or cousins or something come and beat us for my mother "Trying to steal her man". I was 11 years old, and I slept with a baseball bat by my bed until we moved. 

Not only was my home life absolutely shitty, but my stepmother would also criticise everything I did whenever I visited my dad. So it wasn't like that was any better. Add on the fact that I was bullied at school from ages 6-12, and you can see that I really didn't feel very safe anywhere. Except for my room where I could read, or the office where I could play computer or playstation while my mum and stepdad yelled at each other until late at night. At least I had my dog, who I knew loved me.

Understandably, I wound up a bit of a shitty kid. I didn't want to go to school - why would I? I just get bullied there, and I read a lot so I already knew everything I needed to (my grades were always fine, so the teachers never raised any concerns) - and I didn't want to visit my dad because there was no safe place for me to retreat to there, and I'd just cause fights between him and my stepmum anyway.

I just wanted to stay home. I'd pretend to be sick to skip school. I'd fight the idea of going to school hard. Turns out, on top of a shitty upbringing I was also an aspie. So hey, that anxiety about new situations, the social issues? Not just because I had a shitty upbringing. Once I got help for that things started getting better.

But that was after I had driven my mother to a mental break. She lost her job. She threatened to kill herself so my dad would take custody because I was such a difficult child. She was drinking and smoking more than ever. I was 13, and there were times we wouldn't have food in the house until my mother begged my dad for money. Never ran out of wine and cigarettes, though. 

Things started getting better for me. I had friends and wasn't being bullied, for basically the first time ever. I tried to talk to my mother about her drinking and smoking. For almost the next 10 years, it would be a promised birthday or christmas gift that she would stop. She never did. 

She eventually got another job. Other than her drinking, things were okay for a few years. Not great, but I learned to deal with it. Or so I thought. 

Eventually, my dad broke up with my stepmum (they had been having trouble for years) and reconnected with stepmum2, who was actually his first girlfriend from when he was a teenager. Really adorable! But my mother flew off the fucking handle at this. She got blind drunk the night she found out, and the next morning (still drunk) she declared that I was not going to see my father for christmas. 

I realised then that until that moment, despite everything, I truly loved my mother unconditionally. Until that moment, I looked up to her. Until that moment I saw her as she used to be. I felt something in me break that morning. My whole body went cold. I told her that she couldn't stop me seeing my dad. It was, probably, the first time I properly defied her. I was 16, and I felt my love for my mother die. 

My relationship with her deteriorated. I lived in the same house, but I only saw her at dinner time. We fought a lot. I stayed until I left high school, at which point I moved out, closer to uni. I was 17 when I decided to stop living with my mother. Thankfully, my dad helped me financially throughout university.

But it wasn't that easy. She guilt-tripped me to visit most weekends. I missed my dog a lot, anyway, and it was only an hour or so away. I also got to see my high school friends, so it wasn't too bad. Our relationship got better, but that unconditional love never came back. She would sometimes ask for financial help, and I would oblige. It normally came back.

But in mid 2015, my mother lost her job again. Her being her, she had no savings. She started to beg me (a uni student) for money so she could pay rent (because the dole wasn't enough). As far I could tell, she was living off bread and butter, possibly ramen. Still, she never ran out of booze and cigarettes. I'd often buy some of her groceries so my mother didn't starve to death. 

Eventually, my dad stepped in to help (because he knew how much this was affecting me). I hold the man to be some kind of living saint to this day, because he had every right to leave her to rest in the bed she made (considering how much she had put him through for the last 20 odd years). He made sure she had enough to survive, but it was on several conditions. 

Firstly, she had to go to rehab and give up alcohol. Second, it was a temporary measure. She had to get a job. She went to rehab twice, and the total time she did not drink was about a month. I came over unexpectedly one day when she was meant to be sober to find her drunk at 1pm. 

In Nov. of 2015, the day before my neuroscience exam, my mother called me crying about how mean my dad was that he wouldn't give her more money (she had already been given the normal amount for that week). I told her he had every right to refuse, and that she wasn't entitled to his money. 

She texted me later that night that she was cutting herself. She did not pick up the phone. I had to call her an ambulance, and not know if my mother was alive or dead until I got a call at 4am the following morning. And it was, in my mind, because of me. 

She showed me the scars, like they were some sort of fucking trophy. Like she was fucking proud. She then promised she would never do it again.

By mid 2016, she did it again. She would continue to ask me for money despite my dad's help. If I didn't, she'd ask my dad and get sad when he said no, and I knew what that meant. Despite everything, I finished my BSc and qualified for the Honours program.

In early 2017, my father finally was able to negotiate a way to put the house into a trust, and get interest-only mortgage repayments for a two year period to allow my mother to get back on her feet. She got a job again, and started to recover. But she would still ask me for a lot of money.

I never had any money left for myself. Not for fun things. I couldn't spend time with friends, except on the odd occasion I was able to save enough money away somewhere to do so. If I couldn't pay her, I got guilt tripped hard. I was scared. I was scared that she would kill herself if I couldn't find the money for her. I think that this was what she wanted.

Two and a half months ago, I stood up to her. I said no more. I said I was not going to pay for her habits any more. She lost her mind at that. She became physically abusive, verbally cruel, trying everything she could to manipulate me. She's a tiny lady, and I'm a dude so I wasn't in any physical danger, but that didn't matter. It was the complete betrayal of whatever trust was left that mattered. She then took the phone and went upstairs, I don't know why. 

I called my father, because I didn't know what to do. When she realised I was talking to my dad, she came running back downstairs. In an instant, before my eyes, she went from the red-faced, enraged harpy that was screaming about how terrible a son I was to bawling her eyes out, crying "&lt;Dad'sName!&gt;, help me &lt;Dad'sName!&gt;, I think &lt;MyName&gt;'s on drugs!" and other such shit.

Thankfully, my dad is not an idiot. He knew me, he knew my mother. He believed me when I told him what had happened. My mother pinned me to the chair and tried to listen to what he was saying, before demanding to talk to him. When I eventually handed my phone over, she demanded my dad explain what was going on or she would call the cops and tell them someone was giving me drugs. 

Obviously, my dad said there was nothing to tell. My mother started to yell at him, and he hung up. She refused to return my phone because she "didn't want [me] contacting anyone else". I had to physically retrieve my phone by pulling her clawed hand off of it, because I was not going to be in this situation with no means of contacting anyone. I realised I couldn't trust my mother anymore.  

I went to my room, and I sat there. Dad called me back, made sure I was okay. My mum came in later, and sweetly asked if I was okay. Then, just as sweetly, asked "Okay, so what's going on...?". I realised I really couldn't trust a *single* word she said.

I blocked my bedroom door with my bed that night, because I could not be assured of my safety. I told my mother I would not see her for a while, because I needed time away from her. It has been two and a half months, now, and she has threatened or attempted self harm or suicide 5 times in an effort to bring me back. Particularly bad was the time she texted me "Your father and you have killed me" (in her typical drunk-text style of barely coherent word salad) and then, when I called an ambulance for her, texted me asking "Why did you call an ambulance, I didn't text you...". The text was still on my phone, so I don't know what the fuck she thought she'd accomplish, there.

Furthermore, I have reason to believe she threw herself down the stairs to make me come back and care for her. The story she gave for this injury has changed several times, never mentioning the stairs (falling over in a parking lot, someone punched her in the face, etc.). However, the dried bloodstain at the foot of the stairs that was there when I came to pick up some of the stuff I had left there was concerning. 

I have guilty nightmares every few days. I still feel like I failed her, like I should be helping her somehow. And I fucking miss my dog. Even though I know what I am doing is the right decision for my own mental health. I still hurt *all the time*. I can hide it, a lot of the time. Hell, sometimes I'm even truly happy because my life truly *is better* without her in it. 

But hers? Without me, she is completely alone. She doesn't have anyone anymore. She doesn't have anyone to help her heal. What chance does she have to recover? Would things be better if I was just a better son? What if I had just did what she asked, just gave her the money she asked for? Surely that would be better than this. Than my mother throwing herself down the fucking stairs to try bring me back. 

I'm 22, and I feel like a fucking failure of a son. "
}
{ "author" : "Acidiouscore",
"date" : "05/26/2018, 10:41:11",
"selftext" : "Well here i go to rehab again 6 months in quapaw oklahoma miles away from my hometown. My parents are very supportive but drink as much or more than myself i learned from the best apparently i wish i could say this was the first time ive had to take this road but i feel like itll be the last time i do. I believe when i get back itll be way difficult to find a job, itll be hard to do anything. "
}
{ "author" : "puppies4blueberries",
"date" : "05/26/2018, 17:52:57",
"selftext" : "Holy cow. If you had told me a little more than a year ago that I would make it one full year sober, I would’ve laughed in your face.

But, I made it! It wasn’t always easy, life seems to throw curveballs when you least expect it, but I can promise you that life is SO much better now and sobriety is SO worth it.

Thank you to everyone here - even though I don’t comment too often, I’m always on here, reading stories &amp; remembering why I choose sobriety every single day.

A year ago, I didn’t even realize how truly broken I was. But after going through rehab paired with therapy, I began to put myself back together again. As my husband told me - I love who you are sober, I just don’t get to see that person very often. I’m overjoyed to say that, not only does everyone in my life get to see me, but I get to see myself everyday now! 

It’s been quite a journey - full of ups and downs. But I wouldn’t trade it for anything. I’ve learned so much about myself this past year - hell, these days I even LIKE myself again! I’ve become more patient, understanding, caring, smiley, grateful and joyful - it feels amazing.

I’m so glad to be here with all of you celebrating my one year sobriety. Much love to you all ♥️

IWNDWYT!"
}
{ "author" : "Trying2bebetter3",
"date" : "05/26/2018, 18:36:26",
"selftext" : "So, I relapsed again. I think I still have my job, but I’m not sure as I called out Thursday and Friday without much of an explanation. I’ve been prescribed Librium and feel a little better, but still haven’t slept much in 2-3 days. The hardest part is probably the guilt and shame and wondering what’s going to happen at work next week. I know it will get better, i just have to hold strong. 
Thanks for any and all support.
IWNDWYT. "
}
{ "author" : "nadimishka",
"date" : "05/26/2018, 21:02:42",
"selftext" : "I’ve been bulimic for 6 years, having really bad periods and then long stretches of time where I didn’t think about it because my weight was controlled by using drugs. It all comes down to my weight. I lost 150 pounds over two years and thought that would make me happy- it never did. Even during periods where I wasn’t b/p all the time, if I ate past a certain point I had to purge. It was automatic.

Back to now. I’m a recovering drug addict (coke, IV heroin, and xanax) and I’ve been sober for 68 days this time. I’ve been trying to get and stay off drugs for a year now, done a couple rounds of inpatient and outpatient programs. Here’s the problem- when I’m sober, my ED is out of control. I rarely talk to people about it, and I’ve never been in treatment for it specifically. One of my therapists in rehab was recovering from an eating disorder herself, but that’s about the extent of my therapy. Most people wouldn’t even think I have an ED because I’m a “normal” size now, and everyone attributes my prior weight loss to drugs. 

What should I do? I can’t afford to take time off work or school for an inpatient program. Would outpatient really be worth it? What is it like? Is anyone else here also recovering from a drug/alcohol addiction? "
}
{ "author" : "info4binfo11",
"date" : "05/26/2018, 21:50:19",
"selftext" : "A bit of backstory, kinda long, really hope someone can understand what I am going through

8 years ago I went to live with my dad, stepmom, 2 older sisters, 2 younger brothers, and youger stepsister because my mom was in rehab, my grandpa died, and my grandma had a heart attack.

In 2012, she went back with the dad of my stepsister, and took my other siblings. They didn't care, and got a bigger house, and got better lives.

My dad was stuck with me, and realy despised me since I wasn't raised by him and was different. He took his anger out on me and went on drugs.

Since then, my dad just took off, fucked me over, grandma lost childhouse to foreclosure, got another house we lived in, burnt down, mom went back on drugs, got punched by her boyfriend, had to drop college for full time work because no one will help me drive so I can do both, grandma died 10 hours after graduation.

So I live with my mom, ride my bike to work, and my sister who is graduating next week lives here.

I moved out last August, and she begged me to come back, so i came back in January.

I found out 2 doors down is my old stepmom's cousin living there, and she asked if I was the son of my dad. I said sadly yes.

I plan on commiting suicide when my sister goes off to college, because I know she needs me until then.

I rode my bike to the laundrymat, and came back with my backpack and duffel bag full of clothes.

And I shit you not, there was 3 cars full of my old stepmom's family, and they sall said hi to me.

I used to see them pretty much everyday, we went camping, we went to Six Flags together, had birthday parties together.

They all said "Hey, man!"

And took off, I sent my brother a message "Lol I just saw Homophobic Aunt, Douche Uncle, and Prison Aunt" I replaced their names to fit their personality, but I didn't say that to him.

He replied "Yea we're going camping lol"

And right there, with them all watching, was the garage door open with my mom buzzed off standing up sleeping with her mouth open, her boyfriend sitting on a chair, and his friend sleeping on a couch all high on meth and drunk at 2PM

I went inside, gave her duffel bag back, came to my room, and started crying.

Knowing my 3 sisters my mom and her boyfriend had, are with a supportive grandma, aunts, and uncles. Knowing the 2 brothers and 2 sisters my dad and stepmom had are with the mom and their new stepdad, and have so much supporting family.

I don't know, my sister tried asking if I could bike to the store for some candy. I just wanted to cry, because I look like a failure, I am a failure.

Everyone sees, but nobody cares.

I just want to write some letters, take a greyhound to a far away state, and jump off a bridge.

I can't leave my sister yet, but I want to, so bad. I know she would be stuck here with my doped up mom, her boyfriend, and friends.

It's like Jersey Shore: Tweaker Edition in that garage.

I daydream about becoming really wealthy, and supporting the 3 people who actually care about me.

And having my family come ask me for help, only for me to say "I had no one, I wasn't your responsiblity so I know it's not your fault, I forgive you. But I will not help you."

Then I go back to my house, with my well-received movies on a shelf, with my family.

But I know I will just be the deadbeat uncle if I continue living, today was a reminder that life caught up with me.
"
}
{ "author" : "JacksonMeowisms",
"date" : "05/27/2018, 02:54:02",
"selftext" : "I am ex cutter and I have been clean for three years but I have scars by the hundreds. So much so my boss has a special work uniform just for me and it is hot. I am talking sweaters in the summer. She says it is okay for my tattoos to show (which cover up some of my scars) but not the ones on my arm. I work at a drug rehab center and she says my arm could be triggering I love my job I love helping people but I am not sure I am being treated fairly. 
I feel that cutting is an addiction and they treat it like it’s a big mistake and i deserve to wear sweaters and overheat 
What do you think ?"
}
{ "author" : "MrFrankReynolds",
"date" : "05/27/2018, 15:20:03",
"selftext" : "I decided it would be best to show my progress in photos from the first day out of rehab to the day marking [6 months of sobriety ](https://imgur.com/a/gg2ZwLq).  I was bloated, weak, poorly nourished, depressed, feeling guilty, beyond anxious and my self-esteem was at an all-time low.  
In six months of healthy eating, exercise and therapy, I now feel like myself again. Building and rebuilding relationships, finding a great job, an incredible girlfriend and regaining my self esteem. 

Looking back, I wonder how I put myself and others through my active addiction, but it goes to show you just how powerful addiction can be. I still have a long way to go, but I'm taking it one day at a time. 

I will not drink with you today."
}
{ "author" : "buurtboer",
"date" : "05/27/2018, 17:33:49",
"selftext" : "Hi, i'm am no one special. Just a guy who suffered from addiction for 21 years and helping others.  
**It's a long LONG post, i hope you'll read it.**  
Well, sex/porn has always been a problem for me. Around the age of 8 or 9 there was a woman who abused me. It still feels not as abuse \(I’m still in therapy\)  but because I don’t feel any traumas I assume everything is alright with me. But that’s just my first reaction. When I start meditating, and really go back to that moment and the whole life after that moment, I can honestly say.. It fucked me up big time!  
I started masturbation right after that moment I believe.  
i am pmo addicted since the age of 9. I was bullied a lot so after i found out the pmo was such a relieve, i started practicing pmo on a daily base.  
So from there on i pmo'd for like 3 time a day every day. When i became 18 i got dexamfetamine due to problems regarding to focus, concentration etc. From the moment i noticed the effect of amphetamine and pmo i was so damn hooked, i still pmo'd sober every day, but i guess once a twice week i did full night amphetamine and pmo. It was absolutely the best feeling in the world. When i moved to my own apartment in a big student city to study it started to escalate. Long story short, i became more and more addictive and at the age of 26 i started to masturbate on amphetamine almost every week. I binged fapped for about 3 a 4 days in a row without sleeping. Just only masturbate and searching for extreme EXTREME violent porn. At one point \- 17 may 2015\- i got in a severe psychosis. I already had 3 before, but this one was so damn heavy that i called my parents and told them literally everything \(later I realized it was only 20&amp;#37;, but I will come to that\) about my addiction. I told them i was addicted, i was searching for extreme porn etc etc. From that moment my recovery started. First, i went to rehab. The first time i got out after only 1 day. Full of denial i immediately got back to my old life. After almost 3 months of substance abuse, i got psychotic again and i went straight to rehab again.  
Even though i had a good time there, i never had that real "AHA\- this is what it is" moment. So, i got clean from booze and drugs and remained sober for like 2 months. When everything was cool again in my head I forgot all the agreements that I had made with myself and started using booze again. \(sidenote: i never quit pmo during this process because i did not know it was so bad\)  
So, i started using booze again and it fucked me up again. Again, i got a heavy psychosis. This time it was so heavy that i heard voices outside screaming that they would kill me and i thought my parents were at the base of a conspiracy to cut down my throat.\(because of the violent porn i have watched i thought people wanted to kill me\) So they needed to take me in the mental hospital. I stayed there for 1,5 months, fully drugged by all sorts of medication. So, when i came back from hospital i was exhausted and i have been laying on the couch for a straight 8 month period. Still i pmo'd on a daily base.  
After been sick for like 4 months i recovered a bit and i started doing some charity work. Another 4 months later i started studying again. But this time on a much lower level than i used to study because i had fucked up my brain BADLY\&gt;  
From there it went ok and I started to get my life on track. Till I again forgot the agreements I made with myself and fucked it up again. Relapse after relapse. Drugs, booze, pmo everything haha. The psychosis came back and so did all the medicine.  
So I decided to finally give up booze and drugs for good. I needed to fix my life.  
I stayed sober for a year. I had a job as an experienced counsellor in the mental hospital and I helped people with the same problems I have/had. But, I stayed pmo’ing. And I became heavily addicted to instagram and facebook. I was always addicted to instagram, but not it became obsessively. I write poems and it did so well on instagram that I kept posting. Al of a sudden –within 2 months\- my live was only about facebook and instagram \(and pmo\) I also i increasingly became addicted to sugar and caffeine.  
I also started to find ways to feel better than normal by searching for nootropics. I'm a big fan of natural supplements, but at one point i needed to have moooore happiness. At one forum a guy wrote the best nootropic he has ever used was going on nofap after being addicted. I found it interesting and started to read about nofap... And there was the fucking AHA MOMENT! I've never felt more connected with people I've never met before than with all the boys and girld who write about nofap and porn addiction.  
So, i decided to give it a try. My first streak was 4 days and i felt good. After 4 days i relapsed and i thought " bleh, this is not for me." Classical for me\- as for all addicts\- is denial.So after a week of fapping again i wanted to try it again. I stayed clean from fapping for about 7 days and i felt great! But, after a week i got relapse in drugs and bing fapping again. I felt terrible. 1\-year sobriety down the drain.  
I REALLY wanted to do something about my life so i decided to go back on nofap. That was 15\-02\-2018!!!  
After a week of nofap I felt on top of the world.. Extreme positive. But, after a week, i thought.. "aah, i feel so great, everything is done, trauma is gone, i feel so good jeeej jeej jeeee let's fap." I already told my parents about nofap and they strongly suggested not to do it. And then it hit me. My body and brain was lying to me ever since i started using drugs.. I did not feel great. The body and my mind were telling me i feel great in order to get a shot op dopamine. So i decided to not give in and bam.. psychosis number 6!  
I'am so ashamed of the whole process.. Starting with vanilla pictures in books to softcore to hardcore to extreme to more extreme to even more extreme to etc... I know it's the addiction doing what he can do best.. Making you sick. Making you an animal. Making you everything you dont want to be! But as i wrote in the message above.. I have been watching \(extreme\) porn so SO SOOOO long that I have made such an enormous contribution to the exploitation of these people.! I feel horrible about it. I cant change anything in the past, but due to that past i now have made the choice to work my entire life to not fuck it up again.  
I'm done with my life as an addict and i finally are willing to fully committed to getting sober. I strongly believe that when you have been addicted so long, working on recovery needs to be as important as oxygen, water, food and sleep.  
I finally understand that i'm not addicted to pmo, booze, drugs. Nor to instagram, facebook, sugar, caffeine. They are al giving my a shot of instant happiness. I'm addicted to short\-term solutions. To the effect of short term solutions. And it's not only those things.. My addiction is in every fibre of my life. My recovery always ment that i told my friends, relative, parents almost everyone how good i'm working on my recovery. I felt the onbssesive need to get compliment about my work, recovery, my life etc etc. My addiction is in EVERYTHING!  
Someone wrote this "easy choices, hard life \- hard choices easy life"  
For me it is "Easy solutions \-\&gt; hard life / Difficult Solutions \-\&gt; Easy life."  
I'm am so happy that i found this community.  
Since i stopped all the artificial stimulation such as coffee, sugar, instagram, facebook, nofap etc etc. And since i told my parents about what happened in my youth i felt more relaxed than all the drugs could do. After all, it took me another 3 years to tell everything. I always said to myself that it was not necessary to tell people what happened because I never really realized how it fucked up my life. When I realized how it affected my life, I hoped it would go away on its own.NOT. In the end i needed to come clean and tell everybody what happend. My therapist and my parents really needed to explain how it fucked\-up my life. I dont have a job, not a college degree \(even though i was able to go to uni\). I'm living with my parents, i have no money etc...I'm just glad that even though life hasnt treat me well, i still believe life can be wonderfull.  
So as I said, I've been addicted to booze, drugs, sugar, caffeine, pmo, pmo with a lot of amphetamine, instagram, facebook, compliments etc etc. When i stopped using one, i got involved in the other addiction.  
I guess addiction is just a symptom of a deeper problem. It's common for addicts to get addicted to other things when they cut the primal addiction. I guess when you get deeper into why you're addicted it's getting easier to understand.  
So figure out the reasons you're getting addicted! And it’s not because you like it. There's more underneath the simple “I like it.”  
Just, as i wrote, take a deep look in why you are addicted. Because every short\-term solution will cause in increase in dopamine and therefore we feel good. We need that shot because we cannot deal with the feeling that we have when we don't get that shot. We cannot deal with negative emotions.. So, you need to know why you are seeking for the artificial stimulation. I see it as an onion.  
The sour onion is nicely stored in the outer skin.  
For the sake of convenience, we call the skin around the onion addiction.  
When you remove the outer skin around the onion, you spontaneously start to cry. It is acidic. It hurts your eyes. So our natural reaction is to do something about that. Because we as humans are, evolutionarily, programmed to find quick solutions, our first reaction is to put that sheet back in place. We masquerade the acid. So we either fall back into our old addiction, or we find, unconsciously, a new addiction.  
So, as I said, When you open the outer layer of the onion, it’s sour, and you will get tears.. Therefore you need to unpeel the onion.  
You have to peel all the onion until you get to the core. Work on that core. Unpack the core. And when you have found the core, unravel the core as well. I've noticed that whenever you get to the core, there's still a core. I have had 6 times that I thought I was at the core, but that there was still an underlying problem. And eventually, when you finally got to the core, you stop crying because there is no onion left anymore!  
It’s also very handy to watch this video 10 times!!  
\[MEDIA=youtube\]7oFVOJf0TzY\[/MEDIA\]  
And it helped me a lot to make a plan. So when i began to stop being addicted i just wanted to stop.. And that's good, but it's freaking hard to maintain focus with only one reason. So i made a plan. Why do i get addicted? What is it in my life that gives me so little joy that i always need to find other ways to get happy. .. So start with the gigantic question... WHY AM I ADDICTED? Do you fully understand why you happen to use all the time? As i wrote i was a full\-time addict. Porn, drugs, booze, sugar, caffeine, social media, compliments of other people.. Every short\-term solution i used to cope with my problems.. Really, after thinking for so so so long about my addiction i came to the conclusion that my addiction is in every fiber of my life!! And i finally got to a point where i really understand why i'm addicted. Since i fully understand what addiction is and what the mechanisms are behind \(my\) addiction, it's easier to not give in!  
So, figure out all the things you need to know about addiction in general and about addiction in relation to you. The Internet is pretty useful for that. And, maybe not the most fun thing to do, get bored a lot! In this modern time, we are always busy with something. From the moment you realize you get bored, you will find a way to deal with that boredom. We have internet, books, SMARTPHONES, people to hang out with. See where i'm going.. Our brain get's stuffed with imput, imput, imput.... We are never empty anymore. Yeah, i know, boredom is not fun, but it's essential for healing the mind and for finding answers on such big questions as for why am i addicted, why do i relapse all the time. So, go on the internet, read stories about other people's experiences and get bored and think.. THINK A LOT. I happened to find it most relaxing to go out for a walk in the forest, do a lot of cardio, read, or just meditated. There are a lot of meditation forms. I like the one i count my breath. And, i like the one where i just think about everything that pops up. Most of the time its about my addiction.  
So you need to make sure that when you want to fully recover from addiction it has to be at the very top of your list... It has to be the most important thing besides food, water, air, and sleep. So when you fully understand what the mechanisms are behind your addiction, then you make a solid plan.. Just getting in to reboot without a plan is the same as beginning an iron man triathlon with no training at all.  
And with a plan i mean a real plan.. So i made a mind map of all the reasons why i don't want to fap and why the hell i want to quit my addiction. I would suggest you make a written paper with 40 reasons why you don't want to fap anymore. I say 40 because 2 to 5 reasons are to short. 40 reasons is a moderately long list so it takes a little time to read. It might take your mind of the urges. I guess we addicts are really good at finding reasons why we should do it.. And therefore we are so damn good at convincing us to give in.. And, not to forget, one of the most important things is healthy food. My recovery would have been absolutely unsuccessful if I had continued to eat unhealthily. In the end, I even had to give up caffeine and sugar and masturbating to porn. We, addicts, are always seeking for the dopamine shot. So in order to recover and re\-wire your brain, it's good to quit all short\-term solutions. I would suggest joining the dopamine challenge. I've added a link to the dopamine challenge.. haha..  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/NoFap/comments/5crla0/the\_dopamine\_challenge\_are\_you\_tough\_enough/](https://www.reddit.com/r/NoFap/comments/5crla0/the_dopamine_challenge_are_you_tough_enough/)  
Making a plan is so important. Not having a plan is the same as wanting to run the marathon without wanting to train…  
So we really need to change that mindset and make us only see the reasons why we don't want to use anymore..  
It helped and still helps me a lot, when i really have strong urges, to make a mantra of all the reasons why I don’t want to do it. And, as a craving for drugs, alcohol or a porn related thought or image comes up to my mind I count from 1 to 6 and backward and visualizing the numbers. I just count and visualize as long as I need to get rid of the porn images or thoughts. This does two things.. Namely, it get's your mind of the urge when you do it consistently and... it helps your brain make need pathways not related to substance abuse \(rewiring\). I really noticed that after 3 weeks of consistently doing this, the cravings began to weaken... And afterward, when the cravings are gone, i do full the mantra 6 times.. And if that not helps, and i'm at home, i jump under the ice cold shower. It's such a shock to the body and mind that in 90 percent of the time i cant even think about it haha.. And if even that dont help me, i will go run as long as i need. Last time i needed to run i kept on going for 25 kilometer hahaha.  
So the other things i do to deal with the urges are..

* Intermittent fasting. I only allow myself to eat from 05:00 to 07:00 in the evening. It makes my willpower grow, i dont have a lot of food cravings anymore. I also fast 4 days a month only on water. So i dont eat, but only drink water for 4 days. It helps me A LOT to have a clear mind and it's fucking good for upregulating the dopamine receptors. I've noticed that in the beginning it's quit hard.. But you have a choice. I have gained so much more willpower and discipline by doing intermittent fasting and the water fasting ritual. **Ow, and fasting helps to restore dopamine receptors!!**  
Just read this...  
[https://www.nofap.com/forum/index.php?threads/the\-benefits\-of\-fasting\-on\-the\-reboot.64894/](https://www.nofap.com/forum/index.php?threads/the-benefits-of-fasting-on-the-reboot.64894/)[https://vitals.lifehacker.com/how\-to\-free\-yourself\-from\-food\-cravings\-with\-intermitte\-1702108722](https://vitals.lifehacker.com/how-to-free-yourself-from-food-cravings-with-intermitte-1702108722)
* i meditate a lot. It helps me SO SO SO SO fucking much in controlling my mind.  
Read this  
[https://www.nofap.com/forum/index.php?threads/how\-to\-meditate\-for\-mindblowing\-state.28105/](https://www.nofap.com/forum/index.php?threads/how-to-meditate-for-mindblowing-state.28105/)  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/NoFap/comments/5udawq/meditation\_is\_extremely\_important\_to\_succeed\_with/](https://www.reddit.com/r/NoFap/comments/5udawq/meditation_is_extremely_important_to_succeed_with/)  
It's also FUCKING good for getting new dopamine receptors...
* I only take ice cold showers.. It helps me a lot with increasing my willpower. We, addicts, have the habit of always choose the most comfortable path.. So if you're able to really go uncomfortable, it makes your will power go though the roof. and it's pretty good for your body..  
[https://www.nofap.com/forum/index.php?threads/cold\-showers\-are\-the\-bomb.33956/](https://www.nofap.com/forum/index.php?threads/cold-showers-are-the-bomb.33956/)  
[https://gettingstronger.org/2010/05/opponent\-process\-theory/](https://gettingstronger.org/2010/05/opponent-process-theory/)

Hard Solutions, Easy Life \- Easy Solutions \- Hard Life  
I guess it will be a long, difficult and arduous journey, but it is more than worth it.  
When i started working on my addiction\(s\) i had absolutely no idea what i was doing. I didn't think it was necessary either. I guess when you read my story you will see it was more than necessary. I'm working on my recovery now for 3,5 years and i still am not where i want to be. I even stopped working now for 4 months to work more on my recovery.  
In the end, I stopped everything. Instagram, facebook, sugar, caffeine, drugs and alcohol. I also try to work on my obsessive urge to get compliments.  
At first, I felt I had to give up everything. I thought it was terrible because I needed it. Now I gradually come to the conclusion that everything I didn't want to give up in order to live just, took my life. Live moderately, be satisfied just in time and happiness comes when you don't expect it because you were not busy with becoming happy but with life.  
Based on my own experience of the past 21 years, I really believe it is a long journey. I did not get addicted just like that. It did not happen in one go. It is a long way from becoming addicted. That is why i cannot expect to be ready just like that, all of a sudden.  
Every time i thought I was there, there's something new to come. \(onion: underlying problem\) And that's not a bad thing, that's good. Because i want to recover completely. I solemnly believe that recovery must be as important as the oxygen you breathe, the food you eat and the water you drink. You will not be addicted in 1 year. That is something that goes on for years. And probable you will reach this point a couple of times.. The point where everything seems to go fine and then you forget all the agreements that you have made with yourself…  
I have experienced so many times that things were going well again \(at least, I thought so\) and that I forgot about my own agreements. I forgot about the agreements because it went well again... So I relapsed about 100\+ times. Be careful of those moments.  
Now I realize that it is the other way around. Things are going well because of those agreements!  
Do you know what the problem is with mankind as a whole? We, humans, are hunters and collectors based on our past. The part of our brain that is responsible for the feeling of pleasure and of "ah, this is important so I need to have it more often" was about the first part of our brain. That is also logical. Without a sense of pleasure, we would never have been able to evolve. Food is important to live so that's why we feel good after eating. Sex is extremely important for the reproduction of our genes, so this is one of the most intense, natural, dopamine rush. As I said, it is a mechanism that has ensured that we are living at the moment. So by nature we are always busy with feeling good. Only in the past was it a question of a primary good feeling. It wasn't so much about long\-term planning. Eating, sleeping, connecting with your group, fleeing danger. These were mainly things for the short term. One of the few things that were planned in the long run was the reproduction of our genes. I'm sure you understand what I mean.  
So, the disadvantage of humanity is that we always go for short\-term solutions. Look, for example, at our eating pattern. It is completely illogical to eat 3.4.5.6 times a day. Our body hardly gets time to process it. I eat about 2200 calories once a day. Mainly fat, a little protein and very little carbohydrate. I feel so much better than when I ate 4 times a day  
But, there is good news young man. We can train our brains.  
It took a very long time for me to get through the mechanisms behind addiction. Each time I stopped doing something and then started doing something different. That works for a while until you derail again.  
Each time you fall back into old habits, the paths of the old customs become stronger. And every time you fall for short\-term solutions, the prefrontal cortex becomes weaker. The prefrontal cortex is involved in cognitive and emotional functions such as decision making, planning, social behavior and impulse control. So, as you can see, one thing lifts up the other.  
I can't give you an answer about how you should do it. I can only tell you why things always went wrong with me.  
I didn't put my recovery on top of my list. And, I recovered mainly for others. To get compliments, to hear that they were proud of me. Not because I have no willpower. Or no discipline.  
And, because I always opted for short\-term solutions, I found it extremely difficult to make long\-term goals.  
Sorry for the long post, but I hope I inspired you to work on your recovery. Ow, and i would suggest with starting with a full hard\-mode reboot. That’s the best way for dopamine receptor recovery and for getting it out of your system..  
And do remember to please:  
**We don’t give up things in order to recover. We gave up life, in order to be addicted.**  
PS. Especially during the time i used amphetamine and pmo I was looking for such perverted things that in the end I believed I was a terrible man. After i quit using drugs it was still extreme and therefore i still believed i was terrible.  
Now, after 101 of abstinence, i am finally starting to get a normal taste again. I came to the conclusion that my tast in woman is pretty avarage.  
I, for instance, watched a lot porn which you can consider far beyond normal for me. Also gay porn. Gay hardcore porn. I even had a lot of sex with guys.. A lot.  
I never considered myself as a gay, but for a long time, i have thought i was bi\-sexual. Now, after quitting my addiction, i have a more vanilla tast and i realized i'm straight actually haha.  
So do the complete reboot, get sober and then, after that, you can define what's normal for you!  
If you have any questions, just ask.  
My journal:  
[https://www.nofap.com/forum/index.php?threads/21\-years\-of\-addiction\-my\-fight\-my\-story.164500/](https://www.nofap.com/forum/index.php?threads/21-years-of-addiction-my-fight-my-story.164500/)  
PSS.  
The absolute basis for a good life is to think about yourself first. When you learn to really think about yourself, then naturally there will be a lot of room to think about others. We can say that we did not think well of ourselves, which is probably why we have become addicted.  
Now, look around you, how many people live on the autopilot. And how many of those people are really capable of standing up for others. The autopilot of today's world is that we are constantly devoting ourselves to fast, short\-term solutions.  
**So, be proud of yourself that you stand up for yourself, that you think of yourself and do what is best for you!**"
}
{ "author" : "SlayTheRedLizard",
"date" : "05/27/2018, 17:38:01",
"selftext" : "I would respectfully ask the ladies of NoFap not to read this, as I don't want to be a cause for stumbling. Nevertheless, may your own conscience guide you: perhaps God will use this to bless you as well.

I'm going to try to keep this short and sweet (though I probably won't), intending to wrap this post up by sharing the *one* happening that encapsulates and symbolizes everything that freedom from lust has wrought within me.

Although the ultimate reason that I practice NoFap (or, as I also call it, chastity) is to obey and grow closer to Christ, the subsidiary motivations of (1) rewiring my brain to achieve sexual *normality* and (2) healing my PIED are also powerful, powerful motivations.

By the grace of God, I have enjoyed freedom from lust—in all of its forms—for 94 days and counting. I don't even let my eyes rest on a female form: why shave fiery sparks onto a pile of very, very dry wood? Should God ever bless me with a wife, then I will rest my eyes on her and her alone.

I am 37 years old, and my long addiction to lust had warped and bent me inside: I used to look at things that now make me shudder. I felt so *filthy*, but that filthiness and twisting of everything that was good and pure in this world was precisely the *tang* that I craved. I had no normal sexual desires and no normal libido.

I am also an alcoholic. I drank for sixteen years, and I have now been sober for 20 months and counting—rehab, AA, the whole nine yards. AA saved my life.

Those two addictions fed off of each other and amplified one another for *years*, and in that swamp of isolated, lonely drinking, I looked at oceans of porn, and the warping and twisting and bending and sexual leprosy just metastasized within me.

Throughout sobriety, I have always struggled against lust, trying to extend my recovery into that area. But, and I'm sure that most of you can relate, I would always go three or four weeks and fail. Porn became my "new" alcohol: when my coping mechanisms were overwhelmed, I would go on a three- or four-day porn "bender."

In my experience, addiction to lust, like addiction to alcohol, is progressive. Even physical sobriety and the weeks of seeking God didn't change my sexual tastes one iota. Once I indulged, it was back to the pigpen of anti-natural, "taboo," filthy, insectoid cravings.

By the grace of God, I now have freedom: though I remain vigilant.

For most of this period, I honestly wondered whether my manhood would ever work again. It was just lifeless.

Recently, I met a Christian girl. Last weekend was the best weekend of my life: it was downright enchanting, and I never knew that such synergy and intimacy could exist between a man and a woman. Honestly, it was *magical*. I didn't know such a thing was even possible. And best of all, it felt *clean*. I felt *clean* and *pure* and *wholesome*, and that was **exactly** what I desperately panted after when I started this journey.

All of that to say, my emotions were overflowing, and when I went to merely hold her hand, my manhood came to life. It surprised me . . . and actually made me embarrassed: I was craving for purity *coram Deo* and was desperately worried that she would notice.

But the *best* thing about it was that *it wasn't the handholding that caused the rush of blood*: it was the **emotional contact**.

I am so grateful to God that I could almost cry just thinking about it. To me, *that* is what the sex drive was meant to be, or, at least, that is its highest function. I am not degrading physical intimacy—within its proper, God-ordained boundaries: I am no body-abhorring gnostic.

But I cannot tell you how incredibly grateful I was that *clean feelings of intimacy towards a girl that I care about* activated my libido.

It's the gift beyond gifts, and I wouldn't trade it for all of the filthy lust spasms in the world.

And had I "tested" to see whether my PIED was cured by dipping into the pigpen, all of that snow-white purity would have been tainted.

I'm rambling. I'm just very, very grateful: incredibly grateful at the healing that God can provide and for the reality of neural plasticity and rewiring.

Anyhow. May we all find deeper and deeper freedom from this bondage to the Twisting and Warping that is lust!
"
}
{ "author" : "PsychoticsAnnonymous",
"date" : "05/27/2018, 18:31:58",
"selftext" : "From 2005 to 2007, I was in a partial hospitalization program, and while it did help some at that time, I'm looking for something more goal oriented now to get me back to functional life (work, school, self care etc.). It's my understanding that this is supposed to be the focus of psych rehab, but I'm looking for personal experiences to see if it's really what I want / need right now. Any insight would be much appreciated."
}
{ "author" : "Canadagirl34",
"date" : "05/27/2018, 22:41:15",
"selftext" : "Hello, I quit Kratom CT 3 days ago and it has been hell. HELL.  
I took it for 7-8 months started with one teaspoon a day ended the last couple months doing 2 1/2 or more teaspoons every 3 hours couldn't even sleep through the night with out dosing. I was dosing extremely high.  
In the end  It started to make me cry all the time, severe anxiety, no motivation,  angry etc....  

Yesterday and today I have taken 1 Tylenol 3 a day to help with the absolutely horrible withdrawals. My dad has some so I caved. I'm sure this is completely stupid but honestly I don't feel I can make it. And 1 Tylenol 3 a day compared to 40-50g of kratom..... 
I will dose one Tylenol 3 again tomorrow then go down to half a Tylenol 3 for the next 2 days then a 1/4 then none.
I also told my doctor about kratom and she has never heard of it so she called a rehab facility and they had seen it many times and prescribed me clomidine, it has helped a bit but it has made me soooo dizzy I can't even stand up.  I also took some Ativan to help me sleep at night as my depression is so severe I cannot handle staying a wake all night. 
I know using the Ativan and Tylenol 3 is completely stupid I just don't know how to cope anyway else.  I feel so scared and I flip out and cry and I'm in so much mental and physical pain.  I feel I should really go to the detox facility but I have a ton of pets and I cannot leave them so I need to get by how ever I can.  

Has anyone else used other meds safety to withdrawal? 

I wish I had never started this green tea stuff!!!  

I am thankful for this group!  And I read lots of the posts!

I'm so sorry to see so many other people are going through this hell!!!

Thank you for reading!  "
}
{ "author" : "iamstalkingmelissa",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 01:21:10",
"selftext" : "I am going to post information about health complications. I just wanted to start with this in case it upsets anyone. I hope I'm okay in posting about this topic. 

I myself am not an alcoholic but my husband is an alcoholic. I've noticed what I would consider to be severe alcohol related health symptoms in him for years. He's in his late 30s and drinks between 12-30 drinks a day. He vomits every morning. Nose bleeds. Among other things. This past year he's been admitted to the hospital on three occasions for pancreatitis, a blood transfusion due to low hemoglobin and GI bleeding/hemorrhoids/leisons on stomach. As well as probably at least 100 trips to the emergency room in 5 years for various ailments.

 Each time I go I adamantly  mention alcohol consumption but he downplays it with the doctors. When he comes home he says he's fine, shows me discharge papers and it never mentions alcohol, liver, kidneys, etc. There was only one ER doctor who said he thought it was alcohol related and to ask his primary for a liver and kidney ultrasound. The literature this doctor gave him spooked him out but only for a few days because it was only the doctor's opinion and they did not do any testing in the ER. Only offered rehab info/AAinfo and asked if he'd like to stay until sober. 

I don't know anything about the way this disease can progress physically. I've read some symptoms on Google and this doesn't sound good. Is it possible these symptoms are related to something else? Is there a way to get the doctors to do specific tests? Should I have him go to a specific type of doctor? I understand I cannot force him to do anything, and he may have been offered these tests but has lied to me about it. I know his doctors have done blood work but he claims his liver levels are fine. I'm worried about his health and its my fear he could get bad news. We are not living together anynore but still communicate frequently and have very young children. It's probably not my role/place to be asking but I don't know where else to ask. Hoping everyone is having a healthy &amp; happy evening. Thank you for reading. "
}
{ "author" : "Fatalfable",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 02:00:52",
"selftext" : "I’m currently trying to walk off an anxiety attack related to my weight so I’m trying to type out some positives and sharing it with y’all. 

My life has sucked. I struggled with cancer from ages 5-8. I moved 11 times between ages 9-14. During that time, I lived with an abusive brother(physically and emotionally and parents whom while tried their best, made countless mistakes. Also, I dealt with massive amounts of bullying due to my weight and general awkwardness from not having a chance to develop socially from all the moving and being outside of school for so long from cancer. 

Fast forward to college at 17 years old(2011)I’m studying music and since I wasn’t performing well socially I fully dedicated my time to my education which led to 80 hour weeks and an alcohol abuse problem. By fall of 2015 I’ve had 3 cancer relapses andI had a suicide attempt and got my first diagnosis of BPD. I decide to drastically change my life and change schools and career paths to study economics. 

I started working as a bike delivery person which kickstarted my bulimia(technically been struggling with this as of 16 years old) and severe alcohol abuse. By May of 2016 I got admitted to a drug/alcohol rehab. 

Things got better but spiraled down as I got a 4th relapse by August 2016 and my bulimia got fully formed. I started drinking again around this time.

I made it a year of a horrible fasting and food + alcohol binge cycles while taking 5 classes a semester and working 36 hours a week(been doing this non stop since January of 2016) until I had an episode and for psychiatrically hospitalized this past November. 

I’ve finally been in intensive treatment since then. I kept going to school while doing 5 days a week of partial hospitalization after my intensive stay(benefits of BPD?). I passed 3/5. Failed 1 and took an incomplete on another. 

I retook the classes I needed to this past semester and BARELY passed with c-‘s. I got diagnosed for the first time with my bulimia in the beginning of February and the eating disorder took complete hold of my health by the beginning of this April. I got hospitalized again and have been in partial since working on myself. 

I feel a lot better. I’m no longer having 30 mood swings a day(quitting my job in November helped), I drink a shitload less and my depression is generally manageable now. 

With that being said. I FUCKING GRADUATED and I can finally move on with my life. I struggled so much but I did it finally. Luckily I’m still only 24 so I can still build a life worth living. I did it guys, and I hope you can do it too. 

There’s still a super long road ahead of my in terms of my mental health but I’ll finally be able to focus on it. 

Cheers!

"
}
{ "author" : "Al1cat8",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 02:01:52",
"selftext" : "I work for a hospital that is looking in to getting FEES. However, the rehab managers have said it will not be possible until we get an ENT on board. I was under the impression that we as SLPs could perform the FEES independent of the ENT. Any thoughts?"
}
{ "author" : "ilovesmokingcrack",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 02:49:06",
"selftext" : "I become easily hurt when mental health professionals tell me that I "need to try harder". What does that even mean? That phrase has lost all meaning to me. Haven't I tried "enough"? 

I have been receiving mental health services on and off for going on 11 years. I have been on around 30 different meds, receiving therapy for the better part of 5 years, numerous inpatient stays, in residential services with a day program for 3ish years and have had ECT. I think I've put a lot of effort into my recovery, dare I say more than a lot of people in my situation. 

Yet, it has all been in vain. 

I have never been "functional". The longest I've ever worked is 2 weeks and it was a struggle. I have only lived on my own once and it was awful. I don't think I'd be able to again, my paranoia is so bad. When I was living with my ex and he'd go to jail, or rehab, being alone in our house was overwhelming. Every single night I would have a panic attack thinking someone would break in to the point where I started hallucinating that there was someone else in my house. I could hear doors opening, foot steps etc. Every day as it began to get late and start turning dark, I would be petrified. I slept with a big ass knife. 

I even became afraid of going out by myself. It didn't help that our neighborhood was not good and by that I mean attendants at gas stations would be behind bulletproof glass. Shootings were an often occurence. A few restaurants in the area accepted foodstamps, no hate though, it was nice to be able to get a calzone, or fried chicken with my stampies. The point is, it was an impoverished neighborhood with a lot of crime and drug activity, which again, was nice to have people selling me weed and Xanax on a trip to the liqour store.

But even now, that paranoia, that anxiety, has followed me. I live out in the country and I would not feel safe if I didn't live with my parents. I don't like going places by myself. Of course, I have to muster up the courage on a near daily basis to make my trek to the liqour store and even then, such minimal human interaction, leaves me feeling frazzled. I worry, pointlessly, about what they must think of me. 

"She's an alcoholic, she's weird, she dresses weird, her hair is stupid, her eyebrows are fucked up, we're in Florida why is this bitch so pale, she's ugly and too thicc, what a FUCKING FREAK". 😧

I used to panic, but now I don't know, it's like the anxiety is just a part of me now, it integrated with my personality. Same with depression. This is just my life now. I've accepted it. A person can only be knocked down so many times before they realize the ground is comfortable and not get back up anymore. 

This is how I feel. 

It's not like I haven't *been trying*, it's just nothing has fucking worked and I feel lower than I have ever felt, except it's not a "depressive episode" anymore. *Oh no*. I have transcended depression.

I read about this species of parasite, this could be completely science fiction because my brain is fried like rice, but they infect the host and actually take control. 

It's like that.

Depression, anxiety and paranoia used to be like ticks. They fed on my essence, but could have been combatted at one point. Now it's like that parasite has control of my brain and to kill it would be to kill me at this point. Completely inseparable.

I honestly don't think there is any coming back from this, no matter how hard I try. Can't run a marathon with 2 broken legs, you know.

I just get so sick when people insinuate that if you try at something hard and long enough, you will be successful. That's utter bullshit. That's the American dream though, right? Poor people are just lazy quitters etc. The fact is, that you can put your all into something and still fucking fail.

Do you think all of those people who audition for American Idol and other talent competitions go on to be platinum recording artists? *Of course not*. The simple fact of the matter is that some people do fail. Miserably. 

I had an AA sponsor tell me that, "not everyone gets a chance to recover". It kind of upset me at the time, because I was doing all of the right things, putting in so much work, certainly I would be successful?!

*Fuck* no.

I'm fucking sick of it, honestly. Sick people can get better, but that doesn't mean every single fucking sick person will make a full recovery. That's ludicrous. Imagine having cancer and an oncologist telling you that if you "try hard enough" you'll be cured! 

That would be fucking cruel, unheard of.

So let's just stop, okay? Stop trying to convince me that if I delude myself, despite evidence to the contrary, that everything will be okay! NO. Fuck off."
}
{ "author" : "TroubledChika",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 12:40:16",
"selftext" : "Hi all. Diagnosed ADHD when I was 25, suddenly all made sense, currently on straterra 80mg which helps tone down the everything-on-high-mode in my brain.

I tend to be pretty bad at keeping my own environment tidy, and at keeping untidy environments clean - which sucks because I find untidy and unclean places rather unpleasant and its easier to get agitated too.

Anyway, long story short. I'm currently in rehab, but left my tiny studio flat in pretty bad condition. Lucky me, they're understanding of these situations and don't expect people to just return to horrid homes 3 months later expecting it all to go well. So today I took a day trip with a mental health nurse and a social worker to tidy things up.

We spent 6 hours (with 2 breaks) going through things and separating them based on if I want to keep it, throw it away, or am *really* unsure. We went by categories of: things in my desk drawers, things in my bookshelf, things on and under my desk, things under my bed, things in my kitchen cupboards, things in my bathroom cupboards, clothes and anywhere clothes/costumes/related things are stored.

What helped was that they kept it simple for me: Although it was hard for me to decide whether to keep something or not, thats ALL I had to do, they would then take care of where to put it (and they would do it so neatly! unlike me) and I'd move on to the next thing to decide on, or throw away, which would feel so productive. 

If it was just me, I'd get too tired mentally moving around, I'd think I'll just put something 'here' or 'there' for now and then forget about it, I'll drop something while cleaning something else and I won't bother doing anything about it, I'd be unsure where to put an item and just place it 'wherever'. I'd get irritated and agitated... 

And even though I had so much help with organizing, tidying, and cleaning as well, I was still so so extremely exhausted, even from the first hour. I mean it took 6 hours but thats only because that is all the time we had, and we were really pumping full speed.

My flat is only 15 square meters and we finished a good 75% of it, so now I am sure I can do the rest (at a much slower rate) without help, and hopefully keep things tidy/clean regularly so it does not end up so bad again.

I know tidying/cleaning is not necessarily something all ADHDers struggle with but I assume its somewhat common. What kind of methods have you guys found helpful? Or if someone is helping, what kind of 'teamwork' has helped?

**TLDR: Mental health nurse and social worker helped me tidy my flat. They did a lot of the physical moving and tidying once I decided how I 'categorized' an item, and it took a lot of the mental distractions and exhaustion out of it for me, even though physical fitness is not an issue for me**"
}
{ "author" : "Combustibutt",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 14:50:16",
"selftext" : "When sharing at ID meetings, I’ve been told you’re supposed to talk about “what it used to be like, what happened, and what it’s like now”. Trouble is, I have a boring drinking story, and living in a smallish city with smallish meetings, I usually will be asked to share about 2-3 times a week. 

I drank alone at home for about a decade until I couldn’t be bothered existing any more, and then I got desperate enough to come to AA. I didn’t lose any jobs or relationships over it. I never got kicked out of anywhere or arrested. I didn’t ever go to rehab or hospital. I just drank all day every day until I had nothing else left in my life that I cared about. That’s my story, in a nutshell.

I’m nearly two years sober and I have a life I enjoy now, and I’m grateful to AA for giving me that. I just don’t know how to keep telling the same story over and over without boring myself and everyone who has to listen to it for the 30th time...

Older sober members, how do you handle it?"
}
{ "author" : "bondwithmekimmy",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 15:36:36",
"selftext" : "I’m sorry for the long post but I need to explain the context 
Background: I’ve been struggling with depression since I was 14. My brother was a drug addict who manipulated, abused and divided my family into distrusting one another. My dad decided to blame me for family issues rather than acknowledge something was wrong with my brother. I could barely focus in school and was discouraged from applying to universities or even considering my future so that “my brother wouldn’t feel useless compared to me”. I ended up at a uni my dad chose close to home, my brother ended up in a rehab center across the country after threatening to murder us all (me first) yet i couldn’t recover. Everyday from uni I’d come home crying because idk what it was but I just couldn’t make friends. I told a girl I liked her shoes in passing so she changed seats away from me. I always left constructive and light criticism on my peers’ writing and they’d always tell me mine is boring and, my favorite quote, “I don’t know why you tried”. Every time I participated in class someone would call me stupid or irrelevant. So I started therapy and got a job and everything eventually got decent enough that I had the confidence to study abroad in Seoul where I was adopted from. 

Now: Studying abroad has been a life changing experience and I’ve grown so much but I’m so scared to go home. People like me here, people respect me here, I blend in so I don’t get racist comments and I’m known for being outgoing an bright. But I know back home my university was very embittered that I studied abroad because “our school can’t be beat but go I guess”, I don’t have many friends and I’ll realize how useless I am. I’m an English lit major and though I’m close to some professors, other people in my major were the ones who belittled me and humiliated me. I love being an English major, I love analyzing texts from a unique perspective and finding evidence for it, I love it all yet I’m always scared about the responses I get. I don’t think my ideas are too far fetched and I love sharing them because my favorite professor always inspired and encouraged me. I’ve had others praise me and my mind. But I failed a midterm today about lit because my professor “disliked” my opinion and I just feel useless. It seems small but when I tried sharing what I wrote about online I got shamed for it. I’m told all the time I won’t get a good job with my major and honestly I’m starting to believe it. I don’t think I’m good at it anymore and I’m not really good at much. Combined with soon having to leave my life in Seoul behind I genuinely don’t know how I’m going to build a happy life for myself. I didn’t even expect to be alive long enough to live this moment let alone have to plan for the future. I don’t feel suicidal I just feel numb and like I’m floating in a void"
}
{ "author" : "YourFavoriteVerse",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 16:00:51",
"selftext" : "I am in my first clinical externship. I have to commute 70 miles to a pediatric outpatient clinic. My supervisor uses oral motor strengthening exercises for articulation patients and swallowing patients, writes limited case history info, SOAP notes are disorganized and limited, doesn't have an understanding of cranial nerves, goals are not measurable, etc. She also treats a handful of dysphagia patients 1x/week using her "senses" because she rarely gets instrumentals for her patients.

I am here for 10 more weeks, then my next externship w/ adults is at a non\-profit clinic treating stroke/TBI patients, but does not evaluate or treat dysphagia. My third externship with be at a peds clinic.

I am very disheartened that I won't get any good quality experience observing evidence\-based dysphagia assessment or treatment. I am planning to use the 3 weeks between semesters to reach out to SLPs in the area and ask if I can observe them. I have been finding SLPs on LinkedIn and reaching out this way. I tried contacting hospitals, but I haven't had any luck.

I want to complete my CF in a acute/subacute rehab facility, hospital, or SNF. I am worried that my placements aren't going to prepare me to be the quality clinician I want.

Does anyone have any advice or ideas on what I can do?

I currently live in Austin, Tx."
}
{ "author" : "Free_Dome_Lover",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 18:12:26",
"selftext" : "Life feels great, I checked myself into detox on April 24th and decided to go to further treatment in rehab following the spin dry. I've been drinking alcoholically since I was 16 and for the last three years my disease has been trying hard to take everything from me, including my life. 

Life starts fresh and I'll be living in a recovery house for the next 3 months or so. I guess I feel welcome to the club and I'm excited to get my life back."
}
{ "author" : "gotherp",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 18:56:20",
"selftext" : "Hi everyone, 

I hope maybe someone on here is familiar with my problem or something similar. 

My stats:

Male: 32 years old.

 Height: 1.75cm 

Weight: 78 kilos 

Smoker: No 

Duration of complaint: 2/3 months

I don't take any medications as I'm overall quite healthy and fit individual. 

I'm going to try to keep it a as short as possible to not waste too much of your time. A few months ago, after a hefty upper-body calisthenics session, I started feeling pain in my right shoulder.  After a month the pain did not subside, so I went to a doctor, who sent me to a physical therapist.

The therapist concluded that it was a rotator-cuff injury, and he gave me some light rehab exercises, and did some sessions of dry-needling, which took most of the pain away rather efficiently.

However, I've been visiting him every week for almost 2 months now, and we seemed to have hit a plateau on my recovery. And my insurance doesn't cover physical therapy, so I'm going broke paying for each session every week out of my own pocket.

The problem seems to be in the infraspinatus and/or Teres minor/major area. Anytime I do any outward rotational movement (i.e push open a heavy door) but also if I reach across my chest with my right arrm (hug myself), a pain shoots in the area right behind my right armpit.

It's not that I don't trust my physical therapist, but he seems to be out new ideas, and all he seems to be doing is to tape me up every week and tell me to keep up the very same exercises I've been doing for weeks now, which honestly have not improved the situation in any way.

I don't think shoulder mobility or chest tightness is the issue, nor is my posture, as those are 2 aspects I've been actively incorporating into my routines for the last 2 years. 
I miss doing muscleups and handstands, and I'd like to get back to that stuff as soon as possible. I hope any of you can help.

Any advice is appreciated.

Regards,

Chris"
}
{ "author" : "anonymous1846264",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 21:49:48",
"selftext" : "So I’ve been using Kratom for about 2 years now. I had used prescription pain pills recreationally with friends when it came around. I really, really liked taking them, and the only thing keeping me from being full blown addicted to hydro/oxy (etc) was that it simply wasn’t readily available often enough for me to truly get addicted. 

I discovered Kratom by reading about it on the Internet when I was about 16. I told all my friends about how it’s a safe and legal opiate high. We ended up searching our hometown gas stations for it. Ended up finding it, and fast forward a few months I’m stealing money from my parents and siblings and am hopelessly addicted. 

I initially used Kratom for a year and my parents finally figured out about my problem and helped ween me off of it. I was able to actually fully get clean with their help. At this point I was 17, and had a job at a restaurant where I live and got tip cash every night before I got off work. One night, about 3 months after I had gotten clean, I caved. I had gotten about $70 from my night at work and I thought I could buy a little bit and not be addicted again. 

I was wrong. I used the initial amount I bought and found the next morning I was withdrawing all over again. I went and bought more, and have been steadily using for the last two years since then. 

I’m in college now, and almost all of my money goes to buying this shit. I often forego eating to buy the drug. I lie, and lie, and lie, to my sweet girlfriend who I love so much about my problem. She was there when I initially started using, and also helped me get clean. She’s found it at our apartment many times and every time I tell her “oh it’s old I just forgot to throw it away” or “I guess my friend left it over”. I lie so much. I fucken hate who I have become. 

So now, I’m at the beach with my family. My sister has a rare muscle disease, and she’s prescribed lots of pain pills for her problem. I brought a fuck load of Kratom to last the beach trip, but for some reason I couldn’t stop myself from taking her pills. I blacked out, and I ended up stealing around 60 of her pills over 2 weeks. She and her husband just left the beach, and she called my dad about this. My parents and I have been talking extensively about this since they found out, and I cried quite a lot. She needs that medicine, and I’ve done this before. I can’t believe I would do something like that. 

I’m a very loving person, I want to believe I’m not inherently a pathological liar and evil enough to steal from a sick person. But my actions say otherwise. Sometimes I lay in bed reflecting on the realities of the things I do and I simply can’t believe I would do these things. I have so much compassion for my family, friends, and girlfriend. Yet I steal from them and lie to their fucking faces like it’s nothing. 

Anyway, I turned over all my Kratom to my dad, and I’m here at the beach for the next few days. My dad is going to help ween me off again from the Kratom. Right now my parents and I are trying to figure out if I should go to inpatient rehab. I’m fucking terrified of this, I have good grades in school and love my classes and my major and all the things I’m so lucky to have. I don’t want to go to rehab, but I’ve really fucked up this time. I don’t know what to do, still haven’t even talked to my sister about what I’ve done also. 

I’m sorry this was so long, it may not be very coherent as I’m extremely emotional right now. I felt it was good to write this all down. If anyone has any helpful tips for how to get clean and STAY clean it would be very very appreciated. Also, i’d love to hear from anyone who has had similar experiences. 


"
}
{ "author" : "flattster",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 22:00:03",
"selftext" : "So now it's been 12 weeks since I've had a drink. I'm doing this on my own choice to be a good example and show a stand of solidarity for my wife. I understand this doesn't have to be done for her sobriety. But if she can't have it, and she's only been alcohol free since receiving the scram bracelet 6 weeks ago, why should I be allowed to enjoy alcohol. 

I only drank 1-2 nights a week usually, and some nights that meant only 2-3 beers. A couple times a year I would have up to 12. 

I miss having that reward after a hard week of working, or a very productive day around the house or yard completing projects, building or fixing things. I miss having a few around the campfire, or having one before dinner so the food tastes better. I miss having a couple and seeing what new creative avenues my mind would find. 

I wish I knew what it was that caused that feeling about relief, after the kids were in bed and I would have that first reward beer that said, the day is complete, we did our job, everything is well. I've tried candy and desert, but that doesn't give me the same relief as having a beer did. 

Am I an alcoholic? That's definitely a question on my mind. In general I don't want for alcohol, and I really really love how connected my wife and I are right now since she hasn't been drinking and completed rehab. It did take a couple of weeks to get over looking for alcohol after the kids went to bed. This was a rough weekend since we were camping and I we never camped without drinking. Add on to that, the people we were camping with, decided not to participate with us at night, we also had someone else's child who it holy handful of trouble. And with how everything worked out the kids were going to bed so late this weekend it was too late for us to get a game out to play with each other. The cherry on top of this weekend was my mother, who's health has been rapidly declining the last 6 months, fell and ended up being life flighted from one hospital to another. She's fine now, but with her health and now dimentia I don't expect her to live until Christmas. So we ended our trip a night early. 

That's my vent, I'm done. "
}
{ "author" : "GentleLily0824",
"date" : "05/28/2018, 22:53:30",
"selftext" : "I'll try to keep this as short and non\-whiny as possible. 

I'm coming off a 10\-year habit of painkillers \(mainly hydrocodone and oxycodone\). I am now in Day 4 of withdrawal on my own at home. Before withdrawing, I was using anywhere from 10\-40 mg of oxycodone per day. \(I know, I know \- it's laughable\). 

But it's really done a number on me. 

I have other issues as well \- depression, ocpd, legitimate chronic pain \(more about that later\), to name a few. I'm a new mother to a darling infant who had a rough start in life \(but surprisingly did not deal with neonatal abstinence syndrome despite the fact that I was hospitalized before my induction and on high doses of pain killers for a messed up hip and dozens of kidney stones\). Nevertheless, she's my preemie fighter and is my whole reason for living \(and my whole reason for wanting to be done with painkillers for good. 

I could probably go to a doctor, get MRIs of my back, my knee, my shoulder, etc., bring my genetics paperwork showing my diagnosis of an extremely painful chronic illness, and get a prescription now that I'm clean and nothing would show up in my urine. 

Or, I could have easy access to them again tomorrow if I wanted. 

But I'm not going to.  In fact, for the first time in 10 years, part of me is scared to. 

I have watched my mother descend into complete madness and despair on extremely high doses of everything under the sun. She's a shell of who she used to be, and she's been very hurtful to me ever since. But you see, SHE has legitimate pain as well and gets her prescriptions legally. But it's insane. 

I'm so sick of having to pop a pill when I first wake up in the morning and wait for it to kick in before I can play with my daughter. I worry about the future, when she's a little girl, and I promise to take her to the zoo, the park, whatever, and then, I'll just have to disappoint her because Mommy will be in too much pain. 

My husband knows nothing about this. Very few people in my real life know anything about this, and they can't know. I can't go to rehab. I can't go to my doctor and explain what's going on. Because then, there's a chance they'll take my child, and she is my only reason for living. 

If I had never had her, I would be content to run myself into the ground, and then, if I ran out of drugs, I wouldn't hesitate to put a bullet through my brain. 

That's how little my life had meaning to me before she came along. 

But I look at my mother, and I realize, that is going to be me in a few years if I keep going down this road. And I can't break her heart like that. 

I need someone to tell me, honestly, that this will get better. I'm on Day 4 of withdrawals and was doing pretty well this morning before crampy legs and back pain suddenly struck again out of nowhere. I know the med I was on has a very short half\-life, so I would think my physical withdrawal symptoms would also be short\-lasting, and I would be turning a corner now. And maybe I am. 

But I know I will always have these injuries. I will always have this condition. 

I also know these drugs cause hyperalgesia. 

At what point can I know that I am feeling MY pain and not the drug's pain? I'm hanging all of my hopes on the possibility that my actual level of pain isn't as bad as I thought it would be. I don't want to be a slave to these things anymore. I don't want to have to live "by the clock" and try to time everything and keep this secret anymore. 

Please tell me it gets better. "
}
{ "author" : "vodkaine",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 01:45:58",
"selftext" : "Maybe my 6th moving cause of multiple issues. I'm 20, a lot my old friends are dealers now or users of hard shit.
Made some friends when I went away to a rehab but a lot of them relapsed. I just smoke weed as of now, it sucks cause I have no friends.
I see people I know on snap having fun and all in groups, I had a group of friends once it was legit perfect and we all had parties. 
Now I'm on my own with just my music in another state. I wish I had some real friends yo
"
}
{ "author" : "SimplyHiding",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 03:40:36",
"selftext" : "Okay, so i am a 23 year old guy that have been thinking of joining the navy for years now and for four years only.  However, there are some things that I need to consider before joining. I wrote them down but I still can't decide if I should go. Should I go or no?


To go:

Benefits: 
- Independent
- Be able to see the world and travel
- Able to know which job fits me
- Get a better body through basic training
- Meet new people
- Possibly rehab from computer game addiction.
- Save money easily.
- May improve myself by being discipline more

Cons
- Will no longer see brother as often
- Won't have a chance to see her anymore.
- Won't be able to hangout with friends as often too.
- Won't be able to help my family directly.
- Won't be able to get braces done to fix my  teeth and underbite and Lasik surgery(Can I get both done after 28?)
- War might happen



To not go:

Pros:
- Work to save money (I have a pretty decent job, I get 35k a year)


Cons:
- Might rely on parents too much (dependent)"
}
{ "author" : "bashup2016",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 09:59:04",
"selftext" : "Wake up, drank. Pass out, drank. Go to rehab, drank. 

Bashup sloopy stepped out on this one. Got outta the bug house, got drunk, got married, moved to KY, slept in my car for a hot minute, now living in the get-low.

I've heard about drive-by shootings and seen the getaway scooters but here it's a walk up to your house and drop a few rounds in your window without a care.

She won't tell her parents we've been married for nearly two months and I'm ok with that since her dad hates me. 

I'm working in a factory, 3rd shift and I can feel myself dying. We started a comic strip. I love the way she does most everything.

It's a round-about world and I love everyone whose not trying to fuck me over.

Consumerism will eat your soul.

You don't need that purchase.

Drink moar.

"
}
{ "author" : "killalmosteveryone",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 12:24:03",
"selftext" : "I have dealt with depression for a few years. I can hardly see myself write this. I keep trying to convince myself I’m improving by seeing the therapist less. I no longer am the person I was months ago. I don’t know if I should go to rehab or not. I am in a mildly precarious position financially where i don’t know if I will ever be able to get back to if I go to rehab. If I can go a month longer I can fly out to Europe for a vacation/educational trip for a week. I don’t know anyone I can tell everything to 
My family: shouldn’t know I do drugs unless it’s because I’m going to rehab. 
My therapist: can’t know suicidal or illegal thoughts 
Anyone else: I can’t make a strong connection where my weight destroys their sanity also 
I want to get off this carnival ride but I don’t know if I should wait til it stops moving. 

Edit: I never saw my life ending up like this, the drugs lies and loss of humanity were never to cope. Some context I am an achiever type person. I always am seeking to achieve and do and experience more. As far as the outside world knows I have been and will be successful. But I’m on a shaky point that I don’t know if I will spiral into suicide or find that success. 

Edit 2:this is one of my last ideas to keep moving forward. Please send advice or recommendations. "
}
{ "author" : "jamesbrownscrackpipe",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 13:12:08",
"selftext" : "Hey guys, some of you may recognize me. I've posted in the past during multiple quit attempts. I'm kind of at my wit's end. I've tried tapering and CT so many times now. I first made a serious attempt to quit in fall 2016 during the ban scare, having used daily since 2011. I was able to quit CT for about 18 days and then PAWs got me. After that, I tried many, many times, many different ways. The longest I made it was just over a month. Every time I start feeling better and I think I can reward myself "just once" or go back to moderation. It never works. 

This most recent stint of use I've convinced my addict mind I can "moderate" by using a timer-lock container and locking away the kratom until my break is up. So basically, I use for 3-4 days, lock up for 3-4 days and W/D, then go right back to it. Rather than making things manageable with my use, it just puts me through hell every week for no real reason. When I do go back, sure I get high.... for like 20 min after initially dosing then it's back to being irritable, anti-social, lethargic, and full of anxiety. I go through the work week feeling like shit for that 20 min on a Friday. Completely not worth it and I'm sick of lying to myself saying it's alright. It's not. 

One option I have not tried, other than inpatient rehab (which I don't think I can do with my job, nor do I have insurance or money to cover it), is psychedelics. I've heard that mushrooms and others can give addicts insight on why they continue to use, and what inner demons need facing. Obviously, I don't want to do this during physical W/D, so I was going to CT for 8 days and then try it. Is this a terrible idea? Also, fwiw, I could only find LSD to use, not any mushrooms. I've tried both back in my college days, so it won't be my first time experimenting with psychedelics. I'm hoping I can lock away my kratom for 9 days, and then do the trip on the 8th day. The following day, when the kratom is available, I'll be able to make a choice once and for all. Hopefully, the trip will have helped me make the choice to dump out the kratom when presented with it. Is this a stupid idea? 

EDIT: Thank you all for the replies. To update, I'm now Day 3 CT. This quit is going better than I expected, I even got some sleep on night 1 (but not last night unfortunately). The physical stuff isn't too bad, but I know it's the cravings that will get me. I'm going to see how I feel on Day 8, and try to maybe hold off on the trip until I am further out from quitting. Problem is i'll have access to my stash on Day 8, I just hope I can have the willpower to lock it back up or destroy it. "
}
{ "author" : "Kimber360",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 13:17:07",
"selftext" : "Just turned 44, smoked heavily for 10-12 years, 4 weeks sober. I decided I needed to quit because of the anxiety. I live in pretty much isolation, most of the people in my life either died or walked away from me after I came out as transgender. Through the years I used pot to help me cope with the losses and pains that life has given me, then just like you, one day I realized that it hadn't been working for some time. Idk when or what happened, but suddenly being high made things worse. It would make a minor anxiety attack over some small event turn into a massive full-on panic attack and for the next hour or two I would feel like my legs were going to explode from the pressure inside of them- the stress was skyrocketing my blood pressure and that was causing my physical problems. I felt like weed was going to kill me. 
At first, I thought it was just the smoke I was getting from a specific person, being in a state that still profits from prohibition- I couldn't guarantee the weed I was getting wasn't tainted with something, so I  managed to find a different source... same problem, same feelings. That's when I realized that when I was high I only wanted to be sober, and when I was sober I only wanted to be high. I was facing a major addiction, I realized I was an addict. I never thought something as benign as pot could create such a huge problem, but there I was, I had trashed a major portion of my life trying to smoke something just to feel good. Yea, I was more artistic- yea, I enjoyed things "more"- yea, it allowed me to be more at ease in social situations... but just like you, it stopped being beneficial and started being a problem... and I do not know when or how or why it changed. 
So I had to quit. I had to quit or I had to continue a cycle that had become excruciatingly detrimental to my overall well being. I started by limiting myself, I would only allow myself to hit the pipe once per hour. It wasn't that difficult if I would keep myself busy, an hour really isn't that long when you think about it. I slowly increased the amount of time between hits until I was was taking a puff two or three times a day, it was at this point that I realized- I didn't like the feeling of being high... it was not a pleasant feeling anymore. So I managed to quit. I just stopped. I kept remembering how much I disliked the entire body uneasiness that I felt and it would help me deal with the cravings. 
I managed to quit for a week, then the vivid dreams hit. I have an extremely active imagination and I have had more psychological trauma than most people could comprehend, so they were not happy dreams- they were full-on night terrors. After the third or so night of completely absurd but painfully lucid dreams, I relapsed, I smoked. I spent the next week or so wrestling with the dislike of the feelings while high vs the fear of the night terrors- but I desperately wanted to quit. So I traded a buzz for a buzz. I started drinking a few beers to cope with the cravings... it took me about two weeks before I realized that this wasn't going to work, two beers a day was turning into six. Luckily (and it's ironic that it's lucky) I started having alcohol induced sleep apnea, I would wake up gasping for air and I couldn't get a full nights sleep- but I wasn't having the night terrors either. I guess the alcohol got me past the lucid dream stage of recovery, I'm just thankful that I recognized that I was beginning another addiction when I did. 
So here I am, 44 years old, 4 weeks marijuana free, one week alcohol free. I still fight the cravings for a buzz, I still have to keep on my toes and actively confront my addictive personality and the coinciding issues that recovery brings to the surface, but I'm doing this. I'm working my way to claiming my sobriety and rebuilding my life without addiction. 

If it's something you want, you have to be willing to fight like hell for it. Best of luck."
}
{ "author" : "kilimomo",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 13:18:54",
"selftext" : "Anyone else feel like their filter is broken? I could talk about anything that's happened in my life to strangers. I would even like to talk about my life to people I don't know very well. When I go to social rehab I talk about my life freely.

 Sometimes i'm worried that I scare people away with my subjects. Or that someone gets triggered. I've talked about my psychosis, abusive relationship, neglect I went through as a kid, rapes, my abusive mom, my horny guinea pigs (lol thank god they're middle aged now and no longer horny teenagers) ... just anything. And I'm scared other people get hurt when I talk. But I just like talking and love listening to other people's stories. 

And when I talk about shitty things I might smile or laugh because it's my defense mechanism. I'm worried people think I'm weird. Well, maybe I am a little weird. But I don't want to scare people with my broken filter. 

I apologize to my social rehab group from time to time but they always say it's nice to have someone talk because it might help other people open up about themselves. 

Anyone else feel like their filter is broken? Or are you the opposite? "
}
{ "author" : "Fuzzy_Peach_Butt",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 16:08:21",
"selftext" : "Hi there. I am mobile so my formatting won't look so good.

It seems that I always carried this weight, this depression, all my life. I attempted suicide at the of 13, I am now 22. I have put myself into those situations maybe twice more or three. Most recently I was going to use air duster. This sickness has me convinced that everything I have done in my life was either by mistake or I was just barely getting by and somehow made it. I have a family now and they are keeping here because I can't bare to leave them behind. I know that I won't know or feel a thing when I am dead. Just knowing they would be devastated if I did. It makes me feel selfish for thinking I'm better off dead and not doing what I want to because of someone else irritates me. Like why can't I do something for myself. Also this never ending cycle of being lazy because depression and depressed because I am lazy is killing me. My mother pointed this out by yelling and screaming at me for dirty dishes. I have babies to take care of and I only have the energy for them. Doing anything extra seems to be hard but I know doing the dishes isn't. I had told her I wanted to kill myself. Proceeded to take the air duster into the bathroom but all I did was cry with it in my mouth. I couldn't do it but I wanted to prove something to her. 

I have been to rehabilitation center that takes in at risk people (like me) and help them. It felt like jail in there with benefits of a room mate and hot private showers (sort of, we weren't allowed to close our room's door while we use the shower) While I was there I found out I have some sort of bipolar issues and it can't be determined which it is because the brain isn't fully developed by 25. They gave me Lithium and a lot of other people who were there took it too. 

I can say with some hope the medication is helping but I still battle it. I'm still convinced that I am no good for any body and won't accomplish much. 

I'll keep trying but God damnit it is so hard sometimes. "
}
{ "author" : "Bloodgod422",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 18:08:07",
"selftext" : "I'll try to make a very long story as short as I can...(warning, wall of text. Mostly me just ranting and trying to look at the BIG picture. But god bless anyone that makes it through it! Have a great day!) 


I'm almost 50 and have been an alcoholic for 25+ of those years. The last 5 have been progressively worse, were in drinking a 12 pack of high point beer every weekday and double that on any given weekend day. I got fired from my job for drinking at work and my gracious and loving fiance had a good job, and were trying to sell the house but there's some work to do, so she told me not to worry about getting another job until we move and I would fix up the house and get it ready for sale. I had just left a stressful job, and a few month vacation getting the house ready sounded like a nice change. I think the problem started when we didn't have the money to get the materials for about 3 months... Guess what I did for 3 months? Yup, drink, alot. 

Once we started the renovation I got a DUI shortly after that and lost my license.
About a month after that I broke my femur bone (walking home drunk of course, since I could not drive). I was bed ridden for 6 weeks. Guess what I did for 6 weeks... If you've made it this far in my story, you got it.

The pain, and shear boredom, pushed me to drink even more. I'm not making excuses here, (or am i??) just trying to be real with you, and myself...
Anyways, being bed rid my muscles atrophied and now I just have no energy or motivation to work out and feel like shit all the time. I stopped eating more than 1 small meal a day, if I force myself to, other wise I have gone 5 days without any food... Besides beer, if that counts. It has calories so that's how I justified it, but I'm seeing now I was just enabling myself... Is that even a thing?! 

So that's the "short" version of what brought me to you kind folks. 

CURRENTLY: I have developed an extreme anxiety towards heights, to the point i where I can't fly, go above the 2 floor of ANY building and can't drive over bridges...it sucks really bad and I'm sorry for anyone else inflicted with it. I can't sleep at nights because my brain keeps showing me images that causes extreme anxiety, sweaty palms, increased heart rate. Another poster mentioned that when he finally lost his anxiety, he missed it and his brain would trigger something to stress him out so that he would feel "normal". Thats messed up, and I feel greatly for that individual. It sounds like a prison, and I fear that's where I'm getting, or already at. 

Today sucks. Last night my fiance broke up with me, I found out she already has a new man in her life (in her defense, she's told me this would be coming if I didn't change things, so it's on me, I know this, and I'm trying to accept that.). She has been my soul provider for the last year for beer, cigarettes and weed. Well, and as would be accepted, yeah, she cut me off cold turkey on all that, and I have apparently scarred her for life and she's taking pleasure in this. I'm out of everything that's been my friend for years (alcohol and cigs :( ) I have no family or friends I can count on to help, but I'm pretty sure that's probably due to the drinking too. So, I made my bed and I'm going to have to lay in it. 

ADDON: I never paid my DUI fine, so I currently have a warrant. I have no driving license or picture ID. And, NOW, since I didn't pay on time, even to get my license back would be almost $3k. I haven't been working your almost a year so I don't have insurance to get detox /rehab. I just drank my (ex) fiance's last 2 beers after she told me yesterday that if I touched them she was calling the cops on me and I can detox the hard way in jail, where they don't a shit what you're going through. 


THE END GAME: No idea to be honest. I have an detox assessment in 2 days, but I don't know if that's gonna be enough to prevent her from calling the police on me when she gets home for drinking her beers (and whisky, opps). Either that, or she will just insist I get out, at which point I would, and walk to the ER of the nearest hospital, because I feel terrible. I pray none of you have ever, or will ever be here. I have no way to get out and the stress is causing me to be, apparently, self-destructive. I hate what I have become.

Any input or suggestions are GREATLY appreciated. 

And anyone that made it to the end, here's a joke to lighten the mood:


What'd the fish say when he ran into a concrete wall? 

DAM! 

Love ya all... Hang in there."
}
{ "author" : "Zachkb91",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 19:00:06",
"selftext" : "I discovered Kratom in 2012 when I was living in San Diego addicted to black tar heroin \(IV\). I randomly saw it in a smoke shop I patronized and bought some. I put 2 and 2 together myself that this magical plant took away the pain of being dope sick.

FF\-\-\&gt;2014. Multiple overdoses on the H eventually landed me in rehab. I kicked in a Navy hospital that wouldn't give me ANYTHING to ease my pain \(fucking idiots\). I lucked out that this trip to the hospital happened right after I was honorably discharged :\) :\) so they couldn't touch me. I was there for a week with a collapsed lung, someone beat the shit out of me, and I had crepitus \(no idea why, I just woke up that day. heroin makes me black out bad\). Moved back to Florida did a 45 day inpatient and stayed clean for a year and a half and then off and on after that.

My most recent relapse \(2017\-2018 for 6\-8 months\) was due to my finance's scumbag father who we let stay on my couch for free. He had a script of Dilaudid, got me back in full fledge opiate dependency which I have not felt since 2014. His manipulative ass knew what he was doing\- get me back on it and because I had to hide it from his daughter he OWNED ME. Convinced me to pawn shit, then he eventually stole all my shit and pawned it. He now could use me for my money and he could stay high and I couldn't say shit in fear of losing my chick. We always told him to find a new place. and of course, he was always "working on it."  Anyways, eventually shit got so out of hand I just said look fucker you're gone by tonight. The next day was thanksgiving and he called my chick and their whole family and ratted me out saying that he was clean the whole time and I'm a junky blah blah blah. This was of course directly after I bought his script and doctor for him, got SHIT for pills, and whatever I did have he told his daughter and they were flushed in my face. It was a GREAT DAY, however, because now I didn't have to hide. It was the beginning of my new recovery. We're still together and happy as ever. She was pregnant when her dad was doing this shit to us. I never will entertain that fuck again. I make sure to get into fights with her family members that I don't like so that I have an excuse not to go to those dumb ass family gatherings.

After struggling for a while I went and saw the suboxone doctor because I liked how it was acceptable, and the times that I had taken it before gave me a nice buzz. Well come to find out it makes me motivation less and sex drive 0. The warm fuzzy feeling stopped after a week and I knew I was fucked.  I took suboxone for 3 months \(prescribed 16 mg/day but only took 4\-8 tops. I weened down a little towards the end but not so effectively\). Once I ran out of suboxone I made it about a week before I couldn't handle it any more. I literally felt no better after an entire WEEK. Suboxone withdrawal is NOT COOL. I started taking kratom again which helped, and my friend gave me a bunch of Xanax \(which helped but also turns me into a crazy person\). Mid\-detox my son was born so I took 1/4 sub for a couple days just so I could be fully energized for the birth. This last dose of suboxone was 2 weeks ago\- I have been taking about 10\-15 g per day to keep me sane. 

LAST NIGHT WAS MY LAST DOSE. I purchased \-black seed oil, passion flower, magnesium, and ridge crest anxiety free supplement. I'm trying to start a business soon so I NEED to be strong now. It seems like since I used kratom to "cover" for the suboxone, and the suboxone to "cover" for the hydromorphone, that maybe I'm not just dealing with kratom withdrawals alone. I don't know, I just feel like my brain is too used to its systems being covered for. 

I got those supplements from reading these reddit threads but please, if you have any tips or anything let me know.

Thanks for caring.  Now may lord have mercy on a mf."
}
{ "author" : "lilyfreelily28",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 19:41:15",
"selftext" : "Two weeks ago it was revealed my husband has been drinking all day long for at least a year, if not two, and no one was aware.  \(well, until it all came crashing down \- I knew something was wrong, I just wasn't sure what\)

He went to detox for 7 days \(after a day in the ER...\) and has since been transferred to a rehab place for 28\-days.  

I admit, aside from the feelings of anger and betrayal, I've been having a very good time with him gone.  I have a 2 and a 4 year old and work full time.  It turns out life is just easier when everyone around you is sober.  That said, I am making a lot of changes.  I have no experience with this type of thing and am wondering how he will react.  Changes include: I cancelled the cable, my daughter no longer takes pacifiers and I sold her high chair that my husband always put her in, I've taught the kids to sleep in their own rooms for the first time ever, I hired a monthly house cleaner, I did some remodeling and some painting, bought some artwork, I've done away with the baby monitors we used not only at night but also while mowing the lawn.  I also bought the kids new summer wardrobes, including shoes, and hired a new babysitter for when we need to get out, as well as got my daughter's first hair cut.  \(I've probably spent $200\-$300, which I admit is most likely retail therapy.  I don't plan to spend much more\).  Oh, and I'm thinking of potty\-training my 2\-year old.

My husband is the type who is very, very slow to make changes.  When he comes home, he will have a of new things to learn.  They are things that should have been done awhile ago, but I was too busy dealing with him to handle them.

Even though I'm still very angry with him, I am \(a tiny bit\) afraid that I'm overdoing it and that he'll be so upset and freaked out, he'll go right back to where he was.  \(Yes, I realize that's on him, but I do want to help if I can.\) 

So...has anyone been in this situation?  Should I put on the brakes?  He always says No, No, No and I want to get as many things that need done, done before he comes home.  "
}
{ "author" : "sendusyourbones",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 20:39:02",
"selftext" : "A good friend of mine has been in the hospital for about a month due to illness, and it seems that he will need to be there or in a rehab facility for a while. According to his mom, he is angry and has a "don't bother me" attitude towards his family. He is unmotivated to move around, which the doctor says he should be doing.

He is far away and I am not able to visit him physically. I've FaceTimed with him a few times, and tried messaging him online, but his brother said he doesn't seem very interested in talking to friends (he did not respond to my message). We are very worried about the toll that his emotional/psychological state is taking on his health and recovery. I want to help, but I'm not sure what to do. I sent him a care package with a few books, snacks, and a note that attempted to be encouraging, but otherwise I'm at a loss. I have the phone number for his room at the hospital, but I'm torn between wanting to get in touch with him and wanting to respect that he might not want to talk to me. Also, it is hard to know what to say, as I feel he is not someone who wants to be told that everything will be okay when that isn't necessarily the case.

Does anybody have experience with this type of situation, whether that be as the sick person or the friend? Any advice would be much appreciated."
}
{ "author" : "xkittin",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 21:14:44",
"selftext" : "I posted a few weeks ago about relapsing. I fully intended to quit but then of course I drank again. Cue hurting my husband because I drank again. Embarrassing myself in front of my mom who I invited to dinner and saw me drunk again after 9 months of not seeing it since I went to rehab. Cue tears, fear, my husband questioning our marriage...

...Yet here I am thinking of ways I can sneak alcohol. Wanting to say "fuck it" and spiral. Wanting to self-destruct and hide my use.

But the thing is...I really don't want this. It's like these thoughts have been woken up. I truly feel like I have a different personality when alcohol is involved. I'm generally still caring but when it comes to alcohol I'm an asshole for what I want. My past 9 months have been about honesty and openness and in one fell swoop my mind is battling with itself. 

I've scheduled to get reevaluated by a psychiatrist, have an appointment with my therapist next week, and have plans to join a new AA group for women to hopefully find a sponsor this time around. I go to this tomorrow. 

This is awful. I will not drink with you today."
}
{ "author" : "Sloth_Goggles",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 22:03:53",
"selftext" : "So, I have been a heroin addict for 10 years and an opiate addict for 12.  I am now 32 years old living in my brothers basement.  I have been to rehab, been to jail and I have upcoming court charges and probation.  

Anyone close to me that isn't family is either dead or done with me.  I have lost a lot to heroin addiction but I still can't get it out of my head.

I would say the things that most affected me were the loss of a girlfriend (she died a year ago) and when I lost my freedom in jail (don't ever go if you haven't been, I can't accurately describe how shitty it is).  I don't know what I am trying to say with this post other than I don't know what the hell to do as far as recovery.  I can't get into the whole NA/AA thing as I am an atheist and really cannot believe in religion (I really wish I could) and I struggle with a nihilistic mentality.

I still dream about using every night and think about it constantly, what the hellshould I do?"
}
{ "author" : "machete_chipperson",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 22:25:07",
"selftext" : "I shared my story here in the beginning. I overdosed and crashed my car but I came out of it without being hit with Narcan. I caught a DUI and possession and was in jail for 10 days then went to rehab. 

I detoxed in county jail and it was one of the worst experiences in my life, but it made me stronger. I’m still going to court dealing with the charges but I’m now 103 days clean without anything at all in my body and I feel great.

To anyone out there going thru it, you’re strong enough to beat it, don’t become a statistic. Peace and love."
}
{ "author" : "MatyCzCzCz",
"date" : "05/29/2018, 23:21:02",
"selftext" : "I missed my 1 year sober aniversary a few days back, but I promised myself a post on this sub that has been with me on my new path pretty much since the beginning.

I'd like to take this opportunity to try to summarize what this path has been for me like.

1 - It's selfish.
Honestly, when I decided for rehab, I didn't think about my loved ones, the family, girlfriend or job or other commitments. I tried that before and all the feeling of obligation drove me back to the bottle. I needed help in the first place, not anybody else.

I've been trying my best to be good to people since. I often succeed. But if I feel like the old habit is trying to kick in, then everything is permitted. If I need privacy or attention, I take it - I had to learn how, but it can be done. I'm no good to anyone smashed from liquor.

2 - It's about people.
Communities, support groups, therapists, friends. Sometimes even family is nice. My tries to tackle my drinking on my own were helpful in one way - showing me how they just don't work. Cause that is what defines the problem for me. You can't stop it yourself.

The best memory I have from the rehab is when around day 70 out of 90, a bunch of people basicaly told me that they thought I was a proper cunt during my first month but now they are really glad that they met me. That's because I learnt to shut up sometimes and rather listen. To say what I mean even if it is not pleasant in a way that is not hurtful. The feedback showed me myself in another light, or in the light of others. A mirror wouldn't work that way.

3 - There is a reason.
You can put IMHO before these paragraphs, because it is something I deeply believe to be true - you don't have to of course..

There is a reason for drinking. There was a reason for every drink I ever had and there have been many reasons to my addiction.

Sobriety is useless for me unless I can challenge those reasons. Abstinence is a tool, not a goal. It keeps my mind and body ready, functional. It helps me deal with the REAL problems. Addiction is just a symptom.

I drank cause others did it. Why did I want to be like others? Whx didn't I stop when others did (way before I lost control completely)?

I drank cause it was easier to flirt with girls. Why couldn't I do it sober? What is my relationship with women? Is there something I fear?

I drank cause it was fun. What about the fun of other hobbies? I used to play guitar for hours every day, why did I stop?

And so on, and so on... Not always, but more often than not, there is a reason. And there is a choice what to do about it.


Thank you for reading, stay strong for each other, I will not drink with you today.

TL;DR: I dont blame you, I thought it would be shorter."
}
{ "author" : "cloudsigh",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 00:28:57",
"selftext" : "So I have a sketchbook that I’ve been drawing in for the past 2 years. My drawings are very dark , some pages are strait up satanic tbh. All of my drawings also have drugs in them , and are drawings of my experiences with them. Suicide is a big theme in my book as well. You can check my post history to see what I mean , I just posted one of my drawings from my book, 

My mom asked to see my book when I was drawing in it , I declined and told her it was a private book, and how that I am the only one who can look at it because it’s very personal. 

I’m 18 , have been on my own for the past year , so I figured she would respect me enough to not look through it, especially because i told her it was private and a very personal book. 

Well she went and got it from my room while I was asleep. Her and my dad looked through it , along with one of my notebooks with all my raps I’ve written. 

They weren’t mad , just concerned and heart broken. My mom was crying because she felt like she failed me. I told her this was a good example of why I don’t talk to them; me telling her that my book was private and her going through it anyway. She claimed that she’s been concerned about me and had a “strong feeling” to go through my book. 

They want to send me to a program or some shit over the summer that deals with depression, drugs , etc. so basically rehab. I’m not against this I guess. 

It’s just weird because my relationship with my parents has now permanently changed. Forever.  I was caught with weed at 14, but they thought I was a good innocent kid. Now they know I was doing acid , pcp, coke, and every pill in existence , from 15 and up. As well as being involved with dealing , being around gangs, and just being depressed and suicidal for so long. 

How should I react to them going through my book ? How should i continue my relationship with them? How can I make it less painful for them I guess ? Are they in wrong , or am i ?  Idk I just don’t know what to do or how to react "
}
{ "author" : "carmenj88",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 00:35:09",
"selftext" : "I’d appreciate any advice anyone can give. This is occurring in Ohio. My aunt went in for routine gallbladder removal in January. Prior to the procedure, she was morbidly obese, losing mobility because of bad knees, and on blood thinners after two pulmonary embolisms. She is 65. She was independent though—she had a thriving social life, worked, etc. Following the procedure her doctor upped her blood thinners to try and get her discharged and compression stockings were left on her legs for 24 hours. She developed two severe hematoma on the back of her calves and was inpatient for wound care for approximately 1.5 months. After that she was transferred to a long-term inpatient rehab facility that was taking care of her wounds and providing her with daily physical therapy to try and get her walking again. 

Unfortunately she is not doing well with the rehab and they are going to discharge her soon (also Medicare only pays for 100 days of therapy and that’s up soon). She wants to go home (my mother’s house, she’s been staying in her home for many years) but my mother is getting up there in age too and cannot give her the medical support she needs (lifting, wound care, etc).  My mother just got over breast cancer and is focusing on her own recovery and life right now. My mother solely owns the home and even though my aunt used to contribute money she never legally had a lease there or anything. Also, a physical therapist assessed my mother’s home and it is not wheelchair accessible in the least and therefore unsafe for someone with totally limited mobility. 

My aunt is in a great deal of denial and is not cooperating with staff to choose a nursing home or get her finances in order to get admission done. Can anyone offer advice on how to protect my mother so that my aunt is not transported back to her home? And also any insight into how to transfer into a skilled nursing facility from a financial standpoint would be hugely helpful. 

"
}
{ "author" : "TheSocialABALady",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 03:12:05",
"selftext" : "Hello all I finished a post baccalaureate program with ENMU this past December.  After getting rejected from a masters program I am currently job hunting.  I dont qualify to be an SLPA in my state (LA), but I do in Texas, so moving there is plan B.  

I'm currently looking into AAC consultant type jobs and Hearing Aid Specialist jobs.  

I'm basically applying everywhere:  schools, nursing homes, everything! 

Just wondering what other suggestions yall can give.  

PS not interested in ABA, did that for three years.  Also rehab aide tech salary is crappy around here too.  

Thanks. "
}
{ "author" : "laylabird639",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 04:14:48",
"selftext" : "Good Evening. I recently left my relationship of 2 years with my alcoholic boyfriend. Towards the end before he went into rehab I had come to learn (and he also came forward and told me) that he has been cheating on me with several girls. I did stick around to support him through rehab but after he got out he still engaged in contact with one of the girls, so I had to end it between us. 

I am curious as to how many out there dealt with similar situations, where their alcoholic loved one cheated on them. How did you cope? Is this a typical behavior of an addict? Also, because the breakup is still so fresh, I do have a hard time setting boundaries and sticking to them, such as not responding to him when he does try to reach out? What has worked well for y’all in sticking to those boundaries you set? "
}
{ "author" : "OrangeJonasBadger",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 07:04:46",
"selftext" : "So my sister has been dealing with several issues in the past few years, mostly involving alcohol. Her and her boyfriend have been living with my mom \(rent free\) for the past year or so, which hasn't been going so well. Now, let me clarify real quick, my mom is the nicest, most giving person I have ever met. She raised me and my 4 siblings pretty much by herself once she divorced from my abusive dad, paid my sister's rent for two years who couldn't pay it because she was jobless, took care of her dying parents while working 40\+ hour weeks. You know, she's one of those moms that always puts her children and family first.

Anyway, my sister \(who we strongly suspect is bipolar due to her violent mood swings\) has been lashing at my mom since she moved back in from school. She claims that my mom treats her different and is a bad mom, etc. She also started drinking heavily. We found her passed out on the toilet a few times, on her bedroom floor, even on the deck. Then 2 days before this past Christmas, she had a suicide attempt. She was forced into a rehab for a few days and promised my mom that she would attend an out patient program, but never did.

Now, after 2 years of being jobless, she and her boyfriend both have a job, but they haven't told us where it is. We assume they're working in a kitchen, as they both have a culinary degree and work long hours, but we couldn't figure out why they refused to tell us where it is. Then today, my sister told my mom that shes planning to move out, and she isn't telling us where she's going. She's getting a new phone number, blocking all of us, and claims that she never wants to see any of us ever again. 

I've been really angry at my sister the past few years, but the last thing I want is to lose her forever. She's been really distant to me, which has been really hard for me to deal with since me and her used to be so close. This is something I never thought I would have to go through, and the worst part is thinking that she really must not care about us if she's willing to cut us off like this. I love my sister, and its hard for me to watch her do this.

How do i deal with my sister wanting to lose contact with me and my family? How do i help my mom deal with this? Has anyone else dealt with something like this? How did you handle it? "
}
{ "author" : "JNASYKWA",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 07:40:52",
"selftext" : "I checked myself into an inpatient rehab program in January, where I found out after about 2 weeks that I am pregnant. I stayed 33 days of a planned 60, but felt ready enough and was becoming restless with the lack of working a program in the program. We only attended 2 AA or NA meetings a month and it just wasn't cutting it for me. 

Anyway my boyfriend was disappointed I left early, but very excited about the baby, and I was too and still am.

Then immediately after my mom's health declines rapidly and she's diagnosed with Stage IV melanoma in April. She raised me as a single parent and I was an only child with very little other family \(1 unmarried aunt, 2 cousins\), so we've always been very close and had a honest communicative relationship. This diagnosis came as a devastating blow to me, over the past weeks I've been watching her just waste away during treatment and prognosis is still so unclear at this point in time.

We go and find out our little bundle of joy is a baby girl. I'm thrilled because it's exactly what I wanted. I feel excited, yet nervous for the future. 

Then yesterday, after weeks of suspicions, I catch my boyfriend using drugs again. He smokes heroin, did for 10 years, has been to two rehabs and the last time had a long stretch of sobriety that was exciting for everyone. 

So he's been using again I guess since March. 

I don't want to be a single parent to this baby girl, to be raised without a father like I was. It fucked my psyche up pretty badly I think. I don't want my mom to die, she's the only person in the world I trust. I don't want to get through the start\-up for a new career but I absolutely CANNOT go back to my old one. 

But most of all I don't want to drink. I am clinging to my sobriety for dear life. I want my life so badly, I don't want to throw it away by drinking.

It's been easier to stay sober through this shitty time than it ever was in previous attempts when life was a good amount simplier. I dunno. Life's a bitch. I just feel really alone right now. Thanks for anyone who stuck through this long, rambling post because it feels good to get it off my chest."
}
{ "author" : "bebop11",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 12:47:58",
"selftext" : "I'll start by saying I've been to my general practitioner and my sports medicine doc who I think is great. He looked at both of my achilles tendons and calves under ultrasound and saw no visible problems. 

I suspect the issue began with minor plantar fasciitis which, while running, lead to this. I've since treated the PF with ice, stopping running, Curex insoles, better shoes, and rolling. My foot pain has subsided for the most part, but I've not been running at all because of my calf issues. I've gone hiking twice, and mowed the lawn but have largely been staying off of it in any athletic sense. I do ice baths once or twice a day, and do Dixie cup massage once a day. The above activities dont seem to aggravate it too much while I do them, but I do notice increased tightness, tenderness in the medial area, and stiffness afterwards. 

My biggest reason for coming here is because in 6 weeks I'm supposed to climb kilimanjaro. I've invested 8k in this trip with my wife, and I should be knee deep in physical prep. I have very good physical fitness before this and at 6'3 I weigh 190 lbs with a good deal of muscle weight. I'm desperate for any additional insight and advice on what I can do to rehab and prepare safely."
}
{ "author" : "sunflowerdreams",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 13:58:28",
"selftext" : "I am so close to this person he calls me his sister, we're both about 40. He's been headed downhill very dramatically - lots of crazy phone calls and texts at all hours, lots of hospital visits (and calls from nurses and hospital staff, he tells them all I'm his next of kin.) I can't watch him do this anymore, and I can't handle the stress of it all, while also trying to be a wife and mother and employee. I told him I won't speak to him until he's in rehab, he says he'd rather die than go to rehab. He's sad and angry with me, and I'm sad and angry about the whole situation. Of course, there's lots more to tell, but anyone who has been in my shoes knows the story.

I've dealt with addicts before, but never one who lasted this long without getting sober or dying. Is no contact helpful? Will my worry fade? Am I doing the right thing for him, and/or for me? I'm a wreck."
}
{ "author" : "sunflowerdreams",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 14:12:21",
"selftext" : "(cross-post from /r/needadvice - I hope that's okay) 
I am so close to this person he calls me his sister, we're both about 40. He's been headed downhill very dramatically - lots of crazy phone calls and texts at all hours, lots of hospital visits (and calls from nurses and hospital staff, he tells them all I'm his next of kin.) I can't watch him do this anymore, and I can't handle the stress of it all, while also trying to be a wife and mother and employee. I told him I won't speak to him until he's in rehab, he says he'd rather die than go to rehab. He's sad and angry with me, and I'm sad and angry about the whole situation. Of course, there's lots more to tell, but anyone who has been in my shoes knows the story.

I've dealt with addicts before, but never one who lasted this long without getting sober or dying. Is no contact helpful? Will my worry fade? Am I doing the right thing for him, and/or for me? I'm a wreck."
}
{ "author" : "riverofdenali",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 15:15:10",
"selftext" : "I'm not sure what to do here, my mom gave her two weeks notice for her job and my family can't survive on just one income. The last time one of my parents was without work it spiraled me into a three year period of depression, suicidal thoughts, and a full blown eating disorder from all the anxiety and stress. I'm going to college in the fall but I'm forced to stay home for a year before my transfer, my first year is paid thanks to scholarships but I have no idea what I'm going to do about next year once I transfer, I can't be a college dropout but I also have no idea how my family is going to survive. My brother's rehab bills are already too large to handle and he is unable to bring home any income. I have a summer job which will only help a little, but that money was supposed to be a part of my moving out funds to get out of my emotionally and physically abusive hell hole of a house and leave my family. I don't know what to do, I can't imagine living or making it another year in this house with these people. I feel like I was just thrown back into my old headspace from when I was depressed and suicidal, I feel like theres no hope now, that I will be stuck here forever and never escape. "
}
{ "author" : "monument3450",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 18:03:10",
"selftext" : "So I wrote that post from my car, which I parked at a local recreational combine near my house. Dog parks, ball fields, jogging trails. It’s nice. I am happy there. We used to go a lot more before the last year of my life became so turbulent. 

I left a job I had moderate success at for two and a half years because I was underpaid and not treated well. Leaving that job was a good decision for my mental health but I’ve had four jobs in the year following, I left those jobs to accept better opportunities until I finally got fired yesterday from what I thought was the best one I had landed. I’ve been fired from five jobs prior to the long standing job, over a period of six years or so. 

I sat in the car at the park for six hours, crying, talking myself through my emotions. The two thoughts I had that stuck with me were, I wish I were suicidal. I wish I thought that being dead was better than knowingly surviving for this kind of life. I don’t think that. I want to live forever. But the things I want out of life seem out of reach for me.  Also I wish I had a brain tumor. I wish there was something in my head that makes me this way that a doctor could show me on a scan. “See that? That’s why you are like this. We can remove it and you can have a chance at a different life.” I don’t have a tumor. I have ADD. You can’t see it. You can’t remove it. And it will always effect every decision I make. 

My husband kept calling and I texted him that I was safe but I couldn’t come home. My house is very messy. I don’t have the time or energy to take care of it. He’s not a bad man but it isn’t a priority for him. I’ve never made it be a priority for him. I’ve never sat him down and explained to him what I need from him. I am notoriously enabling. My first marriage was terribly abusive because I gave my ex everything to be supportive and he used it to gaslight and neglect me. I dated for nine months after my divorce before I met my current husband. We lived together for two and a half years. He has a lot of his own problems. I am not mad at him for that. I just wish I could have said, I do not manage myself well and so I cannot manage you. I never did. I managed him through surgery and disability and mental health appointments. He is getting the help he needs and I am breaking down. 

We were supposed to get married last December and I called it off. There were a lot of reasons and it was the right decision. But then I woke up one day in March and said, let’s get married. We went to the courthouse and got married that day. I don’t know if I should have done that. I care about him and I love him. I get health insurance through him and his financial contribution makes my life possible. But I wish I were alone. I have a lot of emotions and feelings and it’s difficult to sort them out and figure out how I really feel. But I’m in it now. I’m married. 

I have always blamed my anxiety and depression on my ADD but I think it’s deeper now. I need more help than just adderall. So I have a doctor appointment tomorrow and I’m going to ask for a psych referral. I am going to try for disabled vocational rehab. And I’m going to try to focus on me. I’m just not sure where that will leave my marriage. I don’t know what feelings I might have if I can lift the “tumor” veil. I know what I want but I don’t believe that’s a fair reason to break him and ruin his life. 

And I still don’t know how to tell my parents. My identity is so wrapped up my career. I’ve never given my parents anything to be proud of. I am so ashamed and embarrassed. I don’t know if that will ever go away again after this. "
}
{ "author" : "destructiveinfluence",
"date" : "05/30/2018, 18:07:59",
"selftext" : "Hey sobernauts.

I posted here about a week back, just after finishing my last binge. I want to start off by humbly offering my thanks to everyone who reached out. This sub has been amazing, and I look forward to visiting every day. Anyways, here are some of my reflections this wonderful, sober period.

The first time I quit was back in August 2017. I was presented with an ultimatum by my girlfriend: either I stop drinking, or she leaves. Pretty straightforward, right? And it was, for about seven or eight months, albeit with white\-knuckled grit. I started it out with an AA\-meeting, but then never returned for a second \(red flag, anyone?\). It wasn't that I didn't enjoy it, but I figured I didn't need any help. If I decided to do this, then I would do it. No AA, no SD, no rehab, no shrink, no support whatsoever. Then after a while, something magical \(i.e. defying all logic or reason\) happened.

I suddenly thought, 'Well shit... I'm not an alcoholic, am I? I can control myself *now,* right?', and for some reason and in spite of all empirical evidence pointing the other way, I imbibed that lie. Then, the worst possible thing occurred the first time I had a drink again... I actually **didn't** get blackout drunk. That confirmed the illusion; I was *back,* baby! I rationalized that it had only been my depression\-period that had caused me to drink. It had been because I was in disarray, and because I had been anxious and in bad shape. I saw that all these aspects of my life were improving now, so I could obviously drink again! I never stopped to think, thoroughly, about *why* life was improving... but deep down, I did know. Somewhere, submerged in endless layers of ego, arrogance, self\-deceit and selfishness, I did hear that muffled voice.

And I disregarded it completely.

As you can imagine, it went downhill from there. Now, my girlfriend might leave me after my terrible binge at a bachelor's party in Poland... and I wouldn't blame her for a second. Again I had it proven to me that when I drink, I erode the building blocks of my life. Inevitably, pieces of this structure must crumble and collapse under the pressure. Inevitably, I must lose part of who I am sober to accommodate who I am drunk.

I was, in other words, bitch\-smacked by reality. I was hungover for almost a weak, and in an emotional and spiritual crisis. There was this terrible dissonance between who I wanted to be, and who the demon of alcohol turned me into when I drank. Gradually but undeniably, drunk\-me has become more brazen, more aggressive, more manipulative and, in general, more of a contemptible sonofabitch. It's a well\-documented and familiar pattern for many alcoholics I've spoken to; like drunk you gets more comfortable in your skin... like everything becomes more and more about *him* \(or her\). It almost seemed like this alter ego was doing everything in his power to destroy my life, and destroy all the things I had worked so hard for... and I was letting him. But I refused to let that happen, and resolved, through tears of anguish and remorse, to quit. Again.

Then I ran, or rather fled, to the first AA\-meeting I could attend. Then I went to another one the next day... and then the day after that. This time around, it felt like I was coming home... like I had found a bastion of strength. Some of the members remembered me from last time and smiled, 'It's always so wonderful when people come back.' That was it. No judgement, no shame, no condemnation. Just genuine relief that the prodigal son \(and sadly, there are many of us\) had returned. And I finally realized... I'm actually powerless. I have *actually* lost control of my life. I can never hit harder than my alcoholism, and so I have to hit better. I need to be tactical. I need to surround myself with people and resources that can remind me what terrible course I would be set upon if I had that first drink. Something clicked in me, like my life flashed before my eyes. I resonated with every story, every shared regret, every signal of hope. I'm only 24, and I've never  broken the law or been in jail \(which is just pure luck\)... but I've done some things that the shame of which nearly ate me alive. The pain and regret that permeated these stories is what struck a familiar cord with me, and so I could relate. It almost didn't matter what they'd done, because I knew that if I continued to drink, I would always stoop to a new low. And then I realized something else...

The person I am when sober has ambitions and desires. I want to be a good man, I want to be a father, I want to be a person people can trust and be safe around. But I am also terribly insecure, self\-loathing, hard on myself, constantly full of shame and extremely anxious. This, coupled with a huge pride, arrogance and bloated ego make for an ungodly synergy I call 'fuck\-you\-and\-your\-self\-insight'ness. It has caused me a lot of trouble, and I think it has driven me back to alcohol many times and hindered me in seeing the truth of my alcoholism. And, as if on some terrible vendetta, drunk me has always tried to vehemently *prove* to me how terrible I am. I do things when drunk I know I wouldn't even enjoy sober, and if there was an inkling of a chance that I might \(on some base level\), then it would still be in conflict with who I want to be and thus, not be worth it.

"See? You manipulated that girl to sleep with you. You don't care about love, you're just a superficial dick."

"Remember all those nasty things you said last night?"

"Hey, that bus ride. You were a cocky asshole who made everyone's life miserable."

"Can you believe you spent all that money on a strip club? Lol, you're an asshole. Now go drink."

It becomes this self\-fulfilling prophecy, and I fell for it time and time again. My alcoholism dripped into every aspect of my person. The demon came out when I drank, sure, but I didn't consider how it left a sucking chest wound in me even after the hangover had passed. This self\-doubt... this terrible "knowledge" that in reality, no matter how well I do at work or what people say to me, I'm a monster undeserving of any praise or love or, least of all, forgiveness. It wasn't even directly related to my drinking \- it was just a general notion that I was a fucked up human being that didn't deserve *any* of the good things in life. And life... well, that was slowly being sucked out of me, and I couldn't even see it for the lie it was.

Paul Hedderman \(thanks to u/sovietcableguy for sharing this gem with me\) compares alcoholism to a parasite. It can't drink on its own accord, so it relies on the host \(me\) to drink for it, so that it can live *through* me. The best way for it to ensure its survival is to convince the host that it itself is the host. But I realize now that the things I've done while drunk... it's not me. It's some malformed, simple, perverted shade of me, but it isn't me. I don't want to let that demon hijack my life anymore. I'm not willing to let him sit at the wheel anymore. But finally, I realize, that I can't do that alone. If I fight alone, all this energy will eventually be co\-opted and turned on me, and I will drink again. As one of the AA\-members at a meeting I attended said, 'Nobody around this table lacks willpower. In fact, you probably have more than most... that's not what makes us drink.'

I am powerless. And that's okay. Understanding that has been the most liberating thing I have ever experienced... and becoming free from the demon; reclaiming the ship, is now my foremost objective. If I don't, I will lose everything \- my life included. I don't intend to perish like *that*.

It's time to get better, and to be honest about it. I'm ready.

Hope you guys have an amazing day, and for all our sakes, IWNDWYT.

P.S: Sorry for the absolute wall of text \- I had a lot on my mind.

EDIT: Formatting"
}
{ "author" : "igottastopdrinking",
"date" : "05/31/2018, 00:47:13",
"selftext" : "I posted here earlier today when I was mentally in a really bad state, and as I found out later at the hospital. I’ve never physically withdrawn before, it was terrifying. My legs shook violently for hours and I thought my body was going to give out and I’d die. I’m so sick of my family coming to see me in the hospital for panic attacks after a wild night of alcohol abuse. It was even worse to have them see me physically withdraw. They gave me some Librium and the shaking finally stopped and I was discharged. 

Now for the good news: I never have to drink again! Not only that, but my liver and kidneys are perfectly healthy! I was terrified I really screwed up my organs. I finally have peace of mind. I know I can get sober again and STAY sober. I’ve done it before and I’ll do it again. Thank you all for your support and listening. "
}
{ "author" : "carlyxmccrae",
"date" : "05/31/2018, 02:26:34",
"selftext" : "So, let me give a little back story. 
I am an 18 year old female who has been smoking for quite a while. In recent years, however, I have noticed weed has a real bad adverse affect on me. The days after I smoke Im irritable and emotional and angry, and when I take a hiatus from smoking or don’t smoke for a while, I feel happy and great. I take Zoloft and Wellbutrin for my depression and anxiety. 
That being said, about 2 years ago I got shitty laced weed from New York, got addicted, and had to go to a type of rehab. 
I began to smoke occasionally again, and now I find myself buying often and smoking everyday again. Before school, work, even just when I’m doing nothing, and almost always by myself. 
I really hate this habit of mine because of how shitty it makes me feel, yet I still find myself buying anyway? 
Can anyone relate? Or have any tips??? Is this even a real thing?"
}
{ "author" : "carlyxmccrae",
"date" : "05/31/2018, 02:48:50",
"selftext" : "So, let me give a little back story. 
I am an 18 year old female who has been smoking for quite a while. In recent years, however, I have noticed weed has a real bad adverse affect on me. The days after I smoke Im irritable and emotional and angry, and when I take a hiatus from smoking or don’t smoke for a while, I feel happy and great. I take Zoloft and Wellbutrin for my depression and anxiety. 
That being said, about 2 years ago I got shitty laced weed from New York, got addicted, and had to go to a type of rehab. 
I began to smoke occasionally again, and now I find myself buying often and smoking everyday again. Before school, work, even just when I’m doing nothing, and almost always by myself. 
I really hate this habit of mine because of how shitty it makes me feel, yet I still find myself buying anyway? 
Can anyone relate? Or have any tips??? Is this even a real thing?"
}
{ "author" : "VaxSpyder",
"date" : "05/31/2018, 07:41:59",
"selftext" : "I have a coworker I've been friends with for about 1&amp;1/2 years.  About two months ago, he had a kind of mental breakdown and went on an 11 day drinking binge.  He went the hospital twice and the second time he was able to detox.  Since then, he has been away from work on medical leave.  He's was, or is, in an outpatient rehab program but I don't know how seriously he took it.

While on his bender and before, he made comments about committing violence or committing suicide but he is smart enough to never say anything the police could act on it. 

In the past weeks, it seems like he's been really isolating himself from other people.  He blocked my phone number and when I stopped by to visit, he wouldn't let me in or talk to me.  As far as I can tell, he does not see anyone except maybe his parents.  I don't know if he's drinking again, but suspect he is.

Tonight, his ex-wife messaged me, sending me screenshots of text messages he sent her.  One second, he says he wishes someone would rape and kill her, then he says he misses her, then he says I am a good friend, then he accuses me of betraying him.  This is how he behaves when he is depressed.  He lashes out at everyone like a cry for help.  At the same time, he lies constantly and appears to be somewhat disconnected from reality, speaking in Star Wars metaphors.

I asked another coworker, with whom he had a sexual relationship, if she had been in contact with him.  She said she blocked hid number, but she is also scared of him.  She says that a few months ago he made comments about wanting to hurt people at work including shooting, but he also said that he wouldn't do it, because he knows it's wrong.  According to her, a different coworker saw him "lurking" in the parking lot.

As far as I know, he does not own any weapons, but his dad is a gun collector.  He might have access to them.

I don't know what to do.

Should I call the police?  Can they really do anything without an overt threat of violence?  What if they do nothing except make him more angry and paranoid?  Should I call or text my bosses right now at 1AM and tell them my concerns?  I'm afraid to go to work and I'm afraid for my coworkers.
"
}
{ "author" : "DlSCARDED",
"date" : "05/31/2018, 08:04:15",
"selftext" : "[I don't mean to blame others for my own fears]

I like to think of dermatillomania as an addiction for me. It helps me to justify separating myself from the behavior. I have been picking at acne since 10 years old. On post-picking days, my infections and inflammation are painfully obvious, yet no one has ever confronted me about this.

I have such a hard time talking about this. The thought of doing so, even to a trusted friend or professional, terrifies me. Part of me wishes that someone would finally call me out on it. Give me a reason to turn my shame into rehabilitation. Hold me accountable. Push me to my limit.

I'm suffering alone and I need intervention."
}
{ "author" : "HallowRad",
"date" : "05/31/2018, 09:15:32",
"selftext" : "\(First post and am writing this at 2 AM\) Well, I'm 17, \(I know I'm probably too young to be worrying about these things\) but here I am, kind of just doing nothing. I was diagnosed with Chemical Depression when I was in 7th grade, and I knew nothing of it... I was put on 50mg of Zoloft right at the start, and I had no idea what it was for, but then I just felt sad during 8th and 9th grade and so it got pushed up to 100mg. It still has gotten worse and got bumped to 150mg Sophomore year. For Junior year I went to a boarding school and I can tell you, probably the worst feelings I've ever had sprouted from there, and the most depressed I have ever been in my life. Junior year of High school, I did their summer session and I  frankly quite enjoyed it, I made some friends there and we all agreed we would stay the school year. I thought I was going to have a good time. The school year started out a bit slow, but eventually got worse... There were a group of students who were full of mischief there and they called themselves the Good Times Crew. They all wanted to have good times with each other I guess, but the point I'm trying to make here is that, I sort of rolled with them. One of them introduced me to a world of Drugs. DXM, LSD, Shrooms, and Benzos. I personally had no idea this world even existed at the time. I remember going to a Safeway on our bikes and grabbing a few bottles of Delsym, that got me into a whole worlds of trouble, I got hooked on this stuff right away, I know that it probably doesn't sound right at all though, and during this time I found someone that I liked there, Her name was Rose, she was pretty and had a really bubbly personality. \(I personally had never been in a relationship, let alone had kissed a girl before so this was a start.\) But I drove her away, and I ended up driving her away due to my social anxiety, whenever we were with other students, I just couldn't talk to her at all, I felt uncomfortable showing affection to her. This made her become uninterested in me. And I felt really depressed afterwards and led me to turn to the worst in my opinion. I remember around the time Mid\-Terms were about to begin, I ended up feeling that I wanted to get high, and so I gathered 3 bottles of Delsym, ended up grabbing benadryl and had my roommate give me some of his ADHD medication. I ended up taking 16 tablets of benadryl and 100mg of Focalin and drinking all 3 bottles of Cough Syrup in a day. I somehow survived the night being high as fuck, It felt like I would never return to the planet, it was more of a spiritual thing than anything, but ended up putting me in the hospital the following morning, I had a panic attack because I felt like I was going to feel brain\-dead and vegetable like for the rest of my life and that I had over done it. I told my friend that I feel like I was going to die and he took me to the headmasters office while they had some staff pull up with a van to take me to the nearest hospital. I felt like I wanted to throw myself out of the window in my room \(I lived in the second floor\) That's where I felt the lowest, also having to tell my parents what I had done was probably the worst feeling ever. at the hospital they gave me Ativan to calm me down, and the following day, I went home and was sent to a 3 week rehab place, this didn't help at all ofc. I had found out that this girl at the rehab place had a crush on me and her "friends" insisted that I dated her. I had said no several times saying I was going back to my boarding school, and they said she could do a long distance relationship, this has been my second relationship and in my opinion my most toxic one. I personally feel pathetic after this, thinking "I'm dating someone at rehab, like what the fuck, and for the 3 weeks I was there the relationship grew, and we ended up talking on the phone when I got back to school, not learning anything from this, I decided to take some of my Dad's Valium with me to school so I could just relax instead of doing the DXM almost every weekend. This is when the Good Times Crew, we sort of exchanged drugs, they gave me psychedelics in exchange... Some trash LSD and Shitty Shrooms, I didn't feel anything on the shrooms, but the LSD was a different story, I remember having a facetime call with my roomates crush and we all talked for a while while we were both on LSD, I remember letting my emotions get to me and I told her she was a selfish bitch for saying no to him, for he had asked her out on facetime... After that went down, I sort of realized all that I had done, and I went into this depressed state of mind for a while during February, March and April, during this time, I had lost connection to my long distance girlfriend, she had run away from home her parents had told me. This made me upset because I kinda loved her... and April came along and after our spring break, my friend had brought a wax pen back to school. I remember taking a hit of hit and I felt amazing, my friend also took a hit, but he ended up greening out. He snitched on himself and had told them that I was involved, and that I had forced him to do it with me even though he was the one who brought the wax pen. This all happened 2 days before my birthday too \(April 11th\) on the 9th we smoked, and on the 10th we got tested and we failed. I ended up getting sent home on suspension for a week at first for smoking marijuana, but then the headmaster had told me I would need to go to a wilderness program during the summer if I wanted to come back to the school. \(Wilderness programs are like outdoor therapy, but camping I guess...\) and so here I am at home more than a month later. I've been trying to get a job recently and I've been through at least 6 interviews with no luck. I haven't been able to sleep lately either and a couple of nights ago, my dad gave me some Valium to use as a sleep aid instead of using NyQuil which has DXM in it, and I lied to him saying it wasn't working and he just kept on giving me 2.5mg at a time, I was at the 7.5mg point where I finally went to sleep and woke up not being able to remember what had happened the following day... and now I don't know what to do now, I feel like I'm not even going to be going anywhere in life because of my past choices, I just feel empty and numb now and I want to get off my Zoloft but I'm too scared of the withdrawals I might have. I've talked to my parents about this and they seem to support it, I'm just wondering about your guy's opinion on this too... Sorry if it feels like I'm just giving you irrelevant information because I felt like I needed to put this somewhere, I needed to explain my story somewhere..."
}
{ "author" : "Tjlaidzz",
"date" : "05/31/2018, 20:56:37",
"selftext" : "My brother and I are both in our 20’s. We are both taking suboxone from a clinic. I’ve been off dope for about a year but for some reason my brother keeps going back to it. He might go a month or two months but eventually get back into it. We can’t afford rehab or anything like that. Any advice on how to help him?"
}
